  The Johannesburg
Metro Police Department (JMPD) top performing cop has been awarded with a brand-new
car at the Top Officer of the Year for 2019. The event
including the prizes were sponsored by Diageo South Africa, the maker of
leading spirits brands through the company’s Drive Dry campaign focusing of
curbing drinking and driving through awareness and increased law enforcement. It was held
at the Ellis Park Stadium events center in Johannesburg, the event was attended
by the outgoing Executive Mayor of Johannesburg, Herman Mashaba, MMC of Public
Safety, councilor Michael Sun, Chief of the JMPD, Mr David Tembe, government
and private sector stakeholders. The JMPD
spokesman superintendent Wayne Minaar told Daily Sun that this year’s most
celebrated traffic law enforcement officer, Superintendent Phineas Manyama from
Martindale Station drove away from the award ceremony in a brand-new VW Polo
Vivo. He said Manyama is recognized for variety of successes including
management of traffic flow during the 8 months closure of M2 bridge between the
Crown Interchange and Maritzburg Street. “The first
and second runner up officers, Phumzile Mkhwanazi from the Roodepoort Station
and Mmanoko Teffo from the Alexandra Marlboro Station were rewarded with
vouchers to the value of R15 000 and R5 000 respectively. “The Top
Officer awards are presented to those officers who go beyond the call of duty,
show up professionally at all times, conducts themselves in a good manner,
respects their work and those of their colleagues, uses the JMPD resources
responsibly, at no time or situation accepts bribes from irresponsible road
users and ensures that all the road users do not consume alcohol or behave in a
way that will put other people’s lives in danger,” said Minaar. Herman
Mashaba said he’s pleased to have spent his last day in the office rewarding
the top officers of the City of Johannesburg. “The crime
stats within the city have decreased and it is because of the hard work of this
team. I urge you to continue doing a great job as we are about to enter the
festive season and a lot is expected from you,” he said. Diageo SA
Managing Director, Graeme Harlow said the company was excited to partner with
JMPD for the second year in a row to encourage outstanding performance in law
enforcement including the rules against drinking and driving. Chief of
the JMPD, David Tembe, said that they are very excited about the partnership
with Drive Dry, a Diageo SA initiative. “We believe that we cannot ensure the
safety of our people on the roads alone. It is through partnerships with
private stakeholders like Diageo that we will be able to keep our communities
safe and reduce the high number of alcohol-related road fatalities.” 