MZANSI traditional music legend Madosini is expected back
home after falling ill in France. Channel24 reports that Pedro Espi-Sanchis,who travelled with
the  76 year-old , confirmed that
insurance group Hollard has agreed to "step and in pay for Madosini's
medical cost." He is currently in negotiations with the insurance group
about bringing her safely home to South Africa. Hollard had provided the musician with travel protection for
the duration of her trip. Earlier today that site had reported that Hollard rejected
the claim, saying: "The policy does not cover claims related to
cardiovascular conditions, where you received treatment for a cardiovascular
condition any time prior to your trip." Full name Madosini Latozi Mpahleni, the isiXhosa music
performer suffered heart-complications during a performance in France on 15
November and has been hospitalised in Annecy. Popularly known as Mama Madosini, she is well known for
playing instruments such as the uhadi, mhrubhe and the jaws harp. She performs
under the name Madosini and is regarded as a "national treasure" in
her field. Madosini speaks only isiXhosa and is unable to read or
write. On her way to Geneva for her third performance, Pedro says
Modisini "collapsed in the street and had to be admitted to the Clinique
Mutualiste in Lyon where she was stabilised." The artist allegedly left the healthcare centre feeling
"fully restored and in good spirits," but while driving to the
performance in Geneva later that day she asked to use the bathroom and
collapsed for a second time - before being admitted to the hospital in Annecy. "An urgent medical repatriation for her needs to happen
this week," says the statement. According to Pedro, Mama Madosini is in a need of urgent
financial assistance to get back home where she can be with her family and
receive further medical treatment.  https://www.channel24.co.za/The-Juice/News/music-legend-madosini-hospitalised-in-france-and-unable-to-return-to-sa-due-to-financial-constraints-20191126?fbclid=IwAR18_8LdzJ7KP2i2mXcbK75HdhJUj8VCOZE516FLlWukMp8rWf9lhlnJnzE 