It’s that
time of the year where swimming pools and beaches get full and over-crowded and
some people end up losing their lives. Some love
to show off, thinking they’re ready to swim and reality disagrees with them. This is when
children run off to swimming pools without parental guidance. The
Ekurhuleni disaster management services has advised Mzansi to stay safe this
summer. The EMS
spokesman, William Ntladi said lungs are the life sustaining organs found in
the chest cavity. “The main
function is to supply the other vital organs with oxygen from the atmosphere
via the circulatory system to sustain life,” said Ntladi. “Drowning
is respiratory impairment because of submerging in or under the liquid
predominantly water. The results of drowning can either be near or complete
drowning which is fatal. One doesn’t
need copious amount of water to drown but only few drops inside the airway,” he
said. Schools
will close, children will be roaming around enjoying their holidays, therefore,
parents are urged to look out for their kids. “The
temptation of swimming in unmonitored open water pods is very high. These pods
vary in depths, in certain areas. Some areas are quite deep and muddy which act
as a trap zones for the unsuspecting victims,” said Ntladi. The
following are the Key prevention Tips: •             Know where your child is and what
is always doing. •             Keep them away from rivers, lakes
and all other open water sources. •             Fence the pool around and keep the
gate locked. •             Coversheet should be in place when
the pool is not in use. •             While swimming in the pool,
children should be under Adult supervision. •             Ritual and religious practices in
and around the rivers and lakes by adults, still spell danger of drowning. Life
jackets are prominent for those entering the water. •             Cross the river using an
appropriate route such as vehicle and pedestrian bridges unlike water and
sewerage pipes constructed over the rivers.