They’ve been linked to what has been called a “romantic relationship” after a voice clip was leaked. But Mayor Steven Mokgalapa and MMC Sheila Senkubuge yesterday came out guns blazing. CLEARLY THEY’LL NOT TAKE THE ALLEGATIONS LYING DOWN! The voice clip, which was leaked in what some have said is a conversation between Tshwane mayor Steven Mokgalapa and MMC for roads and transport Sheila Senkubuge have two people talking, followed by heavy breathing which some interpreted as the two allegedly having sex. The mayor asked whether colleagues are in a romantic relationship if they talk to each other. “I don’t know where this insinuation comes from,” he said when he briefed the media outside the Brooklyn Police Station in Tshwane where he and Senkubuge went to open a case of blackmail and extortion. The two denied there was ever any intimacy between them. They said they’d leave it to the Hawks to investigate.  The pair are allegedly heard in an audio clip talking in Senkubuge’s office in Hatfield, and there’s heavy breathing. It was widely shared on social media yesterday. According to them there was nothing sinister and they’re not having an affair. They said the audio may have been tampered with but would allow police to prove that. Mokgalapa said the audio is of two colleagues talking, and there was nothing wrong with that. “This is the nature of the work we are doing. I told my wife before the audio was leaked and I’m happy with how she supports me,” he said. Senkubuge implied that the leaking of the audio was meant to tarnish her name. “Sometimes when you raise your head and you’re running hard in your department and performing excellently, it puts you in a position where people gun for you. “That is exactly what is happening now, and it’s something we can’t deviate from.” The mayor and MMC claimed the audio was leaked by four angry axed employees. “We’ve been aware of the existence of this audio recording for a few days and threats to release the recording have been communicated to us via an intermediary wherein certain demands have been made,” said Mokgalapa. “These demands include the immediate reinstatement of the four officials who are currently on suspension for violations of the Municipal Finance Management Act and other relevant statutes governing the conduct of officials of the municipality.” Senkubuge was recently awarded by the mayor for best performing MMC in the Metro. In the audio, Mokgalapa can be heard celebrating the alleged win against ANC regional chairman for Tshwane Kgosi Maepa, and calling Tshwane speaker Katlego Matheba a “witch” and former mayor Solly Msimanga a big head. He called Msimanga’s policies stupid. In the recording, the mayor tells the MMC that the COO, James Murphy, would soon be fired. Maepa said he had nothing to do with spying and the leaking of the audio. He said he doesn’t have access to the DA’s offices. “One thing that people don’t know is that the white DAs are fighting with Black DAs. It’s clear that they’re the ones who recorded the mayor and leaked the audio,” he said. Maepa said the ANC will support the EEF in its motion to have the mayor removed. “We can’t have a mayor who does not respect the office,” he said. “If they want to have sex they could’ve done it elsewhere, not in the office.” 