“IT takes a village to raise a child”. Former Mamelodi Sundowns and Bafana Bafana star Lovers Mohlala has shared this African proverb to encourage communities to get involved in the development of future football stars. The obvious implication of the proverb is that the success of the child depends on the community. And nowhere is this more important than in education and in sport. Mohlala was among the dignitaries attending the Ditsobotla Local Football Association (DILFA) year-end awards ceremony in Itsoseng this week. Together with partners AfriSam, DILFA honoured young boys and girls in the different categories, from the U-13 U-15 to the U-19s for excellent performance in 2019. “It takes a village to raise a child and so the development of players needs all the stakeholders, parents, sponsors and community members, to work together," said Mohlala. "Our plan going forward will be to motivate and mentor the educators and coaches, who graduated this year, with the objective of making sure that they implement what they've learned and plough back to the communities." The awards ceremony followed a series of the DILFA/AfriSam Grassroots Football festivals held in the Ditsobotla district municipality throughout the year. DILFA also rolled four SAFA D-License Coaching Courses as part of their teacher-pupil empowerment programme. As many as 37 educators took part in an eight-day full-time life skill, technical and tactical coaching training course, under the guidance of both the CAF and SAFA instructors; Klaas Jan Top and Kenneth Mokgoje. DILFA chairperson and North West Sports Confederation president, Thebe Sekoto, said: "The LFA awards remain a milestone achievement of our yearly program and we will never cease to appreciate the enormous difference continuously being made by AfriSam in the lives of our future Bafana and Banyana." In their effort to unearth the next Bafana Bafana and Banyana Banyana stars from the talent-rich but under-resourced North West province, DILFA will be continue their partnership AfriSam for the next three years. "It is important to look at the community from which we operate and strive to make a difference in the lives of the people in that environment," said AfriSam quality assurance manager Gift Olifant. 