Surviving the wig and hair extensions frenzy you will have have a couple of skills and that includes being able to spot real hair from fake hair to being scammed by hair vendors. Some say there are grades and some say there aren't any, its either hair is genuine, mixed or completely fake. All hair companies claim they sell genuine quality hair but that is not entirely true. Buying hair online will require you to read the reviews as much as you can before you make that purchase. The tip is to avoid influencer reviews as much s you can because they might have probably gotten the hair fro free so they can promote the brand regardless of the quality of the hair, they might actually not be that honest. Also, beware of fake reviews. Yes, they are a thing. Here are things to be aware when shopping Online - If it seems to good to be true, run- If the pricing compared to the hair you should be receiving is too good to be true, it is. We all love a good bargain, but be smart about your bargain shopping, you don’t want a “good deal” having you lose out on the money.- Using Stock Photos - If you find a vendor and they are using only photos of celebrities and stock photos, nine times out of ten they are not legitimate or credible. Oftentimes, people will steal pictures from other companies and try to pass them off as their company extensions, wigs, and units. Find a vendor with real photos of people.- Only Positive Reviews - Everyone will not be satisfied with products its apart of the business. So having all positive reviews on a vendors site should immediately throw up red flags, can we say fake! Here are ways to tell if hair is fake, according to Standard media Burn test: Simply cut a strand of hair and put it on a burning flame. If it melts slowly into a ball instead of burning, smells like rubber and produces black smoke, it is not human hair. Human hair will immediately catch fire, burn nearly instantly curling into a little ball, and smell like burning hair. Human hair burns, synthetic melts. Bleaching: When you bleach human hair, it lightens very fast depending on the grade. If it is fake, it will most likely burn.Referalls: There are unscrupulous business people who mix human and synthetic hair thus you need to be keen when buying. Good reviews from people you trust will also help in getting the right hair.Texture: Human hair tends to be softer, shinier and more durable than synthetic hair since they are made from actual human hair. Feel the texture of the hair. Natural hair has each of its strands coated with scales. The hair should thus be smooth if you rub it downward, but resists and feels different if you rub it upward. Synthetic hair is smooth whichever way you rub it.Colour: If the hair has subtle changes of color and highlights, it is most likely natural. Real hair acquires color through exposure to natural light, which is quite difficult to achieve through artificial means. If a vendor asks you what color of hair you want, then that is a sign it is not real. Human hair comes in the natural color, which is either black or brown. You can always dye it later if you want a different color.Price: The cost of the hair can also be a huge giveaway. If it is unrealistically cheap, even if they call it a special offer, be wary. If it is real, the seller will try and get the best price for it. This, however, does not mean that you go for overpriced hair. Shop around and get the average cost.Wave: Whether you bought it straight or curled, real human hair will always curl up when wet; it turns to its natural state. The hair should also have some motion, a ‘bounce’ to it and should not be stiff.Tangle: Real human hair will tangle, but just a little. The longer the hair, the more likely it is to tangle especially at the back of the neck, but this should not worry you much. If the tangling is excessive, be wary.Shedding: This too, can happen with human hair but if it is excessive, it is not genuine. Shedding should only be a few strands when you comb through. Sealing the wefts of the weave will ensure the hair stays on. Comb the weave with a wide tooth comb from the tips to the roots to reduce shedding.