EGYPT U-23 national team are out to avenge the pain the senior team suffered in July. This is declaration from their coach Shawky Gharib, 60, as the win will secure their qualification in 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games. David Notoane’s side will face the Young Pharaohs at giant Cairo International Stadium today (8pm) local time. Something the Young Bafana can draw inspiration from, it is the same venue that Bafana Bafana caused massive heartache to the hosts Egypt in the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) Last-16 on 6 July. “The first-team’s premature disqualification from the 2019 AFCON is one of the main reasons for this pressure,” said Gharib “But the current group can overcome every obstacle. I urge fans to come and support us against South Africa as they were the main reason behind our comeback against Ghana.” But according to locals in the North African country, Egypt have not convinced the masses during the tournament. On their way to the semis, they were unconvincing in wins over Mali in the opening match, followed that up against Ghana and Cameroon to topped the group. This is despite the fact that they have former Stoke City striker Ramadan Sobhi in the side, who now plays for Al Ahly. On the other hand, South Africa drew with Zambia without some of their big guns. They then shocked Ivory Coast 1-0 before concluding the group with a draw against Nigeria to finish second in the Group B. They go to this game having not conceded a goal. With these teams facing each for the third time in the space of a month after they met in two friendly matches in October, coach Gharib knows what they are coming up against, highlighting that the Young Bafana are yet to concede thus far. “South Africa is a very strong side. They are very organized and have a very good coaching staff,” he said. “They are very solid defensively, as they are yet to concede any goals. On the other hand they only scored one goal.” The top three in the tournament will represent Africa in next year’s global event. 