IT'S time to clear the air, according to Free Market Foundation (FMF) executive director, Leon Louw. In a two-hour discussion with media, Louw wants the public to get a better understanding of sports broadcasting rights and what sporting bodies are putting forward in order to get consumers to view more live games. This comes on the back of the Springboks' 2019 Rugby World Cup triumph where the beat England 32-12 in the final. The national broadcaster, South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC), failed to reach a deal with International Management Group (IMG), the company that managed the TV licensing for the World Cup in Japan. SuperSport broadcast all the World Cup matches and screened exclusive interviews with Springbok head coach Rassie Erasmus and captain Siya Kolisi. The vast majority of the South African public are not DSTV subscribers and would've had to find alternative ways of watching - at pubs, malls and various other shops in their respective cities. However, after the first match between hosts Japan and Russia, the SABC informed the public that some matches would be broadcast on radio - including all Springbok games, both semi-finals and the final. Radio remains the SABC's biggest platform and brings in the most revenue for the cash-strapped broadcaster. Just over a month later, the Springboks secured their spot in the final and days before kick-off the public were itching to watch the match live. The SABC then struck a marketing deal with World Cup sponsor Heineken which allowed the national broadcaster to televise the match live. It all worked out in the end. Meanwhile, national soccer team, Bafana Bafana kicked off their 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) away to Ghana earlier this month, but South Africans were unable to view the match on SuperSport or the SABC. The South African public are unable to watch any official Confederation of African Football (CAF) matches since the association cancelled their $1 billion broadcasting deal with Lagardere earlier this month. The SABC and SuperSport have not acquired viewing rights to official CAF matches outside of South Africa - which includes Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifiers, CAF Champions League, CAF Confederations Cup and the Under-23 AFCON. - Sport24