The 14th annual South African Sport Awards were a groundbreaking event that saw the hard work and outstanding performances of various sport stars being honoured and awarded at the remarkable Playhouse, in Durban, KwaZulu Natal on Sunday. The successful event drew an audience of dignitaries from the sports fraternity, business sector, Ministers, stakeholders, governmental heads as well as celebrities. The South African Sport Awards, as an excellence recognition Programme under the Winning Nation, recognized the massive feat that the sports fraternity has achieved and how it continues to inspire the nation. This comes on the backdrop of the South African Netball team being crowned the 2019 Africa Netball cup Champions and the euphoria that envelops the country over the Springboks’ historic Rugby World Cup win. And in the spirit of devotion and celebration of 25 years of democracy, the South African Sport Awards further highlighted the patriotic nature of sports through its role in unifying the country. The department of Sport and Recreation South Africa acknowledged the sportsmen and women who have represented the country in competitive tournaments and stood out as ambassadors on global stages. In the highly contested ‘People’s Choice’ award category, Siya Kolisi was the overall winner. This category was one of the many highlights of the evening as it was voted for - by the fans. The power was placed in their hands to decide which athlete, through their outstanding performances, captivated them the most. For the first time since its inception, the awards managed to amass over 90 000 votes, cementing the leaps that have been made over the years. South African Sport Awards 2019 Winners: Administrator of the year Cecilia Molokwane Sportsman of the year Moruti Mthalane Sportsman of the year with a disability Ntando Mahlangu Sportswoman of the year Tatjana Schoenmaker People’s choice of the year Siya Kolisi Sportswoman of the year with a disability Anrune Liebenberg-Weyers Team of the year Spar Proteas Newcomer of the year Micheal Houlie Coach of the year Rassie Errasmus Volunteer of the year Mervyn Mooi The recreation body of the year United Through Sports Photographer of the year Philip Maeta Sports journalist of the year Nduduzo Dladla School team of the year St Benedicts College Developing school team of the year Ikhwezi Lesizwe Primary School Indigenous games team of the year Kwazulu Natal Khokho Female Team National federation of the year Netball South Africa Sport star of the year Tatjana Schoenmaker 