THE measure of a good team is its ability to bounce back from a poor result. Kaizer Chiefs demonstrated mental fortitude and that they will not end the season empty-handed as they thrashed Stellenbosch 4-0 at Cape Town Stadium last night. If they can’t win knockout cups, at least Amakhosi could be guaranteed of a league title... That is if they continue their fine run. Goals from Bongani Ngezana, two from Samir Nurkovic and a fourth from substitute Dumsani Zuma secured Amakhosi their biggest league win this season. If they can manage to maintain a good run of results, Ernst Middendorp’s side will be hard to catch. Middendorp made five changes to the team that crashed out of the TKO, Chiefs welcoming back Daniel Akpeyi in goals, Siyabonga Ngezana and Reeve Frosler from Olympics qualifier duty with the national Under 23s side. Willard Katsande returned from suspension. But the biggest cheer was reserved for Khama Billiat who was sorely missed in the excrutiating cup loss to Maritzburg United. However, it was Ngezana who found an early breakthrough for the visitors, guiding the ball into the back of the net from match a well-weighed Lebogang Manyama corner kick just 10 minutes into the match. Nurkovic woke up from Mbombela slumber to net his fourth goal of the season from yet another Manyama corner-kick later on. He headed his second from a rebound on the second half after Boy de Jong denied Zuma from point blank range. But Zuma tapped in the fourth on the last minute and seal a comprehensive victory for the Glamour Boys. Shocked, Stellies battled to get a grip on proceedings as Amakhosi produced a far more polished performance than the dour they dished out on Sunday. In fact, it was a far more convincing display from the log leaders as they maintained their 10-point lead over second-placed and 11 on SuperSport United, who brought Maritzburg down to earth with 2-0 defeat in one of the five matches. But it was Stellies who felt the full wrath of the Amakhosi backlash. Nothing worked for Steve Barker’s team and they may need to go into the market to strengthen their squad during the festive break. Bloemfontein Celtic 0-0 Cape Town City; Chippa United 3-0 Black Leopards Maritzburg United 0-0 SuperSport United; Baroka FC 0-1 Golden Arrows