When Otzi, the oldest mummy was discovered in 1991 with
holes in his ears, part of that amazing discovery was the realization that the
tradition of decorating our ears can date back as far as 5000 years ago. “Piercings in many cultures is a rite of passage, but for
others it is a form of self-expression,” says Kristin Weixelbaumer from
jewellery brand Black Betty. “Ear piercings are probably the most common
piercing had, and almost every woman at a young age is taken by her mom to the
local jewellery store to have her piercings done.” She goes on to explain that
this experience can be quite daunting especially since a piercing gun was
usually the tool of choice, which does more damage than a needle. Once the decision is made there are dos and don’ts that need
to be considered, and although it might seem like such a simple act – three
-year olds get it done – it is good to know what you are in for before, during
and after: “Earrings can be quite a deceptive piece of jewellery, it
can also make or break a look,” says Wiexelbaumer. “Deciding on something
hooped, studded, long or cuffed and even a combination of styles can extend
your time getting ready but it will be well worth it when you remember that
these pieces of jewellery are not only dressing up your ears, but also framing
your face.” Black Betty Jewellery recently opened the doors of its first
brick and mortar store in Sea Point, Cape Town and has a dedicated professional
piercer, Shelden Paige, on hand to handle all piercing related questions and
activities. “When it comes to ear piercings, we only use the highest grade
titanium earrings which are intended for piercings. Plus, for once you won’t
have to be stuck with the usual stud or sleeper, but will be spoiled for choice
when it comes to design and style,” says Paige. Black Betty caters for individuals seeking simple and
elegant earrings and is also an advocate for the curated ear. Weixelbaumer
explains that the trend for having multiple ear piercings is known as having a
curated ear, but what is more interesting is how individuals nowadays are
wearing their earrings. She explains that no longer is only one style worn at a
time, but it is extremely on trend to wear a combination of styles and
different sizes all at once; an eclectic display of metal and gems. Black Betty’s selection of earrings is a must see and offers
an exquisite Ear Candy range that takes decorating your ear to the next level.
Why not go online at https://blackbettydesign.com/
to find your nearest store or kiosk to find your perfect Ear Candy.