AFRIFORUM has announced that it will be representing the family of Senzo Meyiwa in a murder investigation into his death. The head of AfriForum's private prosecution unit, advocate Gerrie Nel, has been appointed as the Meyiwa family’s advocade in the murder investigation in the death of Senzo. SENZO MEYIWA'S FAMILY TURNS TO AFRIFORUM FOR HELP Senzo was killed during a robbery five years ago at his girlfriend Kelly Khumalo’s home in Vosloorus. The Afriforum said the NPA has failed to institute prosecution. DELAYS IN SENZO CASE FRUSTRATE MEYIWAS "It is important that AfriForum gets involved in cases such as these – it’s in the interest of the whole country," "AfriForum serves as a counterweight to the failure of the state and, as a civil rights watchdog, it is our duty to prevent the criminal justice system from collapsing,” Afriforum CEO Kallie Kriel said. Speaking to the media last month, Meyiwa’s brother, Sifiso, said they wanted answers regarding the lack of development from the NPA. The Meyiwa family said they approached Afriforum for assistance in solving the murder of their beloved brother.  "We, together with Afriforum, want to honour Senzo by ensuring that justice is served and his murderous are brought to book, said Siyabonga Meyiwa, Senzo’s brother. Senzo’s father, Sam, has always demanded justice for his son but he died a heart broken man. The family was informed that the murder investigation was completed in February and that a prosecutor was assigned to the case in May. Sifiso said there wasn't any problem with the police. However, he added: "The problem is with the NPA. The NPA is giving us problems." In July, Police Minister Bheki Cele said there was progress in the case when he addressed journalists outside the Meyiwa home in Umlazi, Durban, after visiting the family following the death of Meyiwa's father, Samuel, News24 previously reported. Meyiwa senior died after suffering a second stroke in three years. Cele said he and national police commissioner General Khehla Sitole had appointed a team to investigate the matter. When questioned about previous timelines authorities had given, Cele said he had met with national NPA head Shamila Batohi to discuss the matter. 