IDENTICAL TWINS Owami and Olwethu decided that they would both marry Mzukiseni. But after eight years, they’ve decided that they’ve had enough. THE TWINS HAVE FINALLY DUMPED THE SELF-CONFESSED ABUSER – IN STEREO!  The 29-year-old twins from Roodepoort, west of Joburg, made headlines a few years ago when they married TV director Mzukiseni Mzazi (54). But their marriage has been miserable, they told the SunTeam. They claimed the man they married in a traditional wedding in 2011 lied about his previous marriage and the number of kids he had – and that he abused them. In an interview on Ukhozi FM in June, they claimed their man had a condition that led to disordered thinking and behaviour. READ: WATCH: FIGHT FOR C63 AMG! The twins revealed to Daily Sun they’d been separated for five months and had been sleeping in separate rooms. But in October Mzazi moved out, leaving them with their two daughters, who’re both seven. A reality show that was supposed to start in January never happened. “So much has happened in our lives, but we’ve been hiding it,” said Owami. “We didn’t speak about the abuse because our husband would apologise and we’d forgive him. We only spoke to our family.” Olwethu said: “He used to beat us. He poured diesel over the house but couldn’t find matches. “If he had we’d be dead today. We fear he might end up doing something bad to us.” They said they inseparable while growing up. Owami said: “Some people found this strange but we didn’t have a problem with marrying the same man.” The twins didn’t have photos or other proof of the abuse. But Mzazi admitted on Ukhozi that he’d abused his wives. He said he was sick and needed help. READ: TWITTER CONCERNED WITH MAPINTSHA'S WEIGHT LOSS! “As their husband I ask myself how they’re still with me,” he says in a voice note of the programme which Daily Sun listened to. “I have things that bother me. I’ve tried seeking help. I love my wives and in my normal senses I’ll not harm them.” The twins’ mother Buyiswa Mvangeni (45) said had at first believed a mature man would take care of her two babies. “Mzazi called a meeting with both our families,” she said. “But even then nothing changed. “The abuse got out of hand and nothing could be done to save the marriage.” She couldn’t go to the police because the twins wouldn’t have liked that. Daily Sun contacted Mzazi. He said he was at a Skeem Saam shoot and requested that he be phoned on Wednesday. But his phone went to voice mail. Mzazi’s lawyer Thato Mahapa asked Daily Sun to send questions via email. He confirmed that the twins and his client were involved in a family dispute. “We’re not at liberty to provide further details because the dispute affects the interests of minor children,” he replied via email. “Our client and the twins are working on finding an amicable resolution with their legal representatives.” READ: HER BODY WAS FOUND KWA MAI MAI! He said a joint statement would be released once an agreement had been finalised. He said they didn’t wish to respond to all allegations in Daily Sun’s email. “Some of those allegations relate to a matter that is before the courts. We’re not able to provide detailed commentary at this stage,” he said. He said there were factual inaccuracies in the email. “We believe the joint statement will provide clarity once finalised and released,” said Mahapa. National police spokeswoman Brenda Muridili said the twins could open cases at their nearest police station. 