IT is widely believed that Alex Ferguson was on the verge of being axed before Mark Robins scored the winner that kept Manchester United in the 1990 FA Cup. Ferguson had spent four years without delivering a trophy for the English Premiership side as he struggled to shake off a poor start to this tenure at Old Trafford. But the rest, as they say, is history. Sir Alex went on and defined eras. I couldn’t help but draw this strained comparison between the Ferguson “struggle to success” journey with that of Rhulani Mokwena, who has only just begun his career at Orlando Pirates. Of course, the dynamics have changed from 1986 when the Scot arrived at Man United to the modern era where clubs are owned by the cranky Chippa Mpengesis. It’s a different world, a different game and chances are the current Man United bosses would not have been as patient with Ferguson in today’s climate. But the amount of criticism levelled at Mokwena is just absurd. You’d swear no one wants to see him succeed. For a young coach, who’s barely cut his teeth, Mokwena needs the support from anyone associated with the Buccaneers. Why are people so quick to judge? Why are people more pessimistic and not optimistic? It is going to be some time before Mokwena gets to the level where he can replicate the successes of his master, Pitso Mosimane, at Mamelodi Sundowns. But the man shouldn’t be crucified for his outspokenness or for his ambition. He can’t be judged on his background as a non-footballer. Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho have enjoyed success, despite their backgrounds. “Sometimes when you’ve played professional football, it’s a little bit easier because, when you coach and things don’t go well, you’ve got your name and reputation to fall back on,” said Mokwena. In his own words, Mokwena can’t control people’s beliefs and perceptions about him. Mokwena is also not oblivious to the pressure he faces and is fully aware of the expectations that come with guiding a big institution as Pirates. But the weekly “missiles” aimed at him are not helping to close the gap between Bucs and their league rivals. As Sir Alex says: “The experience of defeat, or more particularly the manner in which a leader reacts to it, is an essential part of what makes a winner.” Just give Rhulani a break! Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter via @Kgomotsso