OVER the past few years, Mamelodi Sundowns have built a reputation as one of the powerhouses of African football. Their record in the Caf Champions League in recent history, speaks for itself. Since clinching their maiden title in 2016, Downs have only failed to progress out of the group stages once, in 2018. They will resume their quest for more continental glory again this weekend when they tackle Petro de Luanda from Angola in their opening Group C clash. The tie is scheduled to take place at Loftus Versfeld Stadium on Saturday night (9pm). Downs coach Pitso Mosimane has stressed the importance of capitalising on their home matches, an approach that has worked wonders for them in the past. “It’s a big game for us because if you don’t win your home games in the Champions League, forget it,” insisted Mosimane. “Do you think you will go to Angola and win in the last match? We don’t want to wait for that. “So win all your home games. Get the nine points and try to steal a few more points away from home then you’ll be on top of the log. “They are big boys (Petro), they have a big boy at centre-back, big boy on the right-wing and big boy striker. A very strong team in terms of physique, aggression, and combat.” Mosimane is not concerned with playing eye-catching football, he just wants to be on the winning side when the Fat Lady sings. As has been the case in the past few seasons, the Tshwane giants are battling with a tough schedule that sees them doing battle in the Champion League, the Absa Premiership and the Telkom Knockout. Mosimane wants his charges to be as efficient as possible as they look to make this season, one of their best. “You know the Champions League. You don’t play it very nice,” added Mosimane. “Who cares if you play beautiful football? We don’t need to worry about decorations and all those things. We just need to win.” The Students lock horns with Guinea’s Horoya in their first Group C match at Bidvest Stadium on Sunday (6pm). Wits coach Gavin Hunt is just happy that his team will get some mileage on their legs having been starved off some action in recent weeks. “We play Sunday (against Horoya) and we play again next week. We need that. We’re not playing any football. “But now we’ll play too much football. And that’s OK. We’ll get better‚ I know‚ once we play more football.”