TINYIKO MATHUSA lived the perfect life as a slay queen.Luxury cars, lots of money, world travel, and as much adoration as any human being can handle.BUT THAT’S ALL IN THE PAST, AS THE ANCESTORS CALLED TINYIKO TO ORDER.  After travelling to more than 64 countries and living a luxurious life, the 34-year-old Tinyiko Mathusa wished she could live the life of a slay queen and be a sangoma at the same time, but that couldn’t happen. Tinyiko, born and bred in Phalaborwa in Limpopo, came to the City of Gold looking for fortune when she was 17. While working as a cleaner at a hotel in Morningside, a guest told her she should model for a living. “He told me I should be a supermodel. He encouraged me to enter the Face of Africa competition.” She quit her job and joined Chameleon Casting Agency and K-Miles Management, owned by model Mirriam Ngomani and G3 Models. She also worked with Ice Models in Turkey. READ: THE TERROR OF A CAT TAXI DRIVER! “I started travelling and dating rich foreign nationals. I was wearing Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Calvin Klein and Giorgio Armani. I dined at Pigalle Restaurant, and Signature in Sandton. My bank account was never dry,” she said. She was on Fashion TV, entered Best Model of the World and Face of Africa. “I travelled around the world. I loved France, Turkey and Cyprus.” She posted about her life on social media attracting a lot of followers. “On Instagram I had 12 000 followers. On Facebook I reached the limit of 5 000. Assisted by one of her European blessers she started the Billionaire Modelling Agency in 2015, but she closed it in February when it was no longer profitable. Then she got the call from the ancestors, but knew about her calling from an early age. “I was eight when I started having strange dreams and I’d disappear,” she said. “My family consulted a sangoma, who told them I was in the river. They’d do rituals and I’d come out. I was young and my family begged the ancestors to give me time.” She’s now a sangoma and has ditched being a slay queen. “My ancestors ripped me away from that lifestyle. They took away my wealth because I kept ignoring my calling,” she said. She said earlier this year things started going wrong. READ: 'I TOLD MY WIFE BEFORE THE AUDIO WAS LEAKED!' “My contracts with several agencies were terminated without reasons. I couldn’t stomach being around men anymore.” Her daughter was kidnapped by her nanny in 2015, as reported in The Sowetan. “I started having visions about people and their problems. I knew it was time for me to head to eSwatini and deal with my calling. “I have nothing. I’m with my sister in Mabopane because I can’t even afford my R10 000 apartment.” She advised young girls to stop being slay queens. Thandiwe (28) said her sister bought her a house. “I couldn’t have asked for a better sister. I hope the ancestors will be with her as she embarks on her journey.” Tinyiko’s aunt said: “I hope our ancestors will guide her.”