THE festive season has arived. As it has become the norm, most people will prioritise partying and neglect responsibilities. But this is the opposite of what you want to do. This as no one wants to find themselves in a financial predicament, where they can’t pay their monthly car and house instalments. Nokulunga Tshabalala told SunBuzz she’s gotten into the habit of ensuring everything she has debt on is paid before she blows her money. Said Nokulunga: “I saw my mum’s house being sold by the bank and we were homeless for a year. “That’s when I decided to get my priorities right. “To date, I haven’t defaulted on my house and car payments. Even during the times when I was unemployed, I ensured I communicated with the banks to keep them updated, so I don’t lose things I’d worked hard for.” Nokulunga said December and January were crucial. This as many people often landed themselves in a financial corner by being reckless with their money. Vuyo Mkhwanazi said he opted for a national debt counsellor for assistance with his debt. Explained Vuyo: “My life has been better because they ensured all my debts were paid before I can touch my salary.” Mohammed Sader, a new business development executive at auction.co.za, said people should prioritise their spending. “In these challenging economic times, far more people are facing having their cars being repossessed. “The combination of rising living expenses, missed payments and other factors beyond a person’s control can quickly spiral out of control,” said Mohammed. “Once you’ve been unable to pay your last three instalments, the bank flags the account sending a representative to meet with you in an attempt to make arrangements for the payment of the arrears.” He said the bank played out several scenarios. “But if you can’t afford to pay, it will track you down and collect the assets. The assets are taken to an auctioneer that will store them for about 10 days. “Repossession happens because most people don’t have the funds to keep up with their payments.”