If you're a mother and have tried to stop your breast milk for whatever reason, you might have heard that a cabbage leaf does the wonders. This old wives' tale has been passed from generation to generation and there are many others about the cabbage leaf that will make you head to the stores now. With this article you will learn that cabbage isn't just for eating, but has a lot of health benefits. Cabbage is a great food for detoxification inside the body, this vegetable can be used to help relieve a variety of Health challenges and issues like: - Breast engorgement for breastfeeding mums - Breast feeding mum's with painful breast and nipple can use washed cabbage to calm those painful parts . It also helps in breast milk stoppage. Tips for Nursing mums If your breasts are full of milk, tender, painful & sore during breastfeeding, quick action is needed to prevent mastitis tips and relive from breast engorgement: Refrigerate cabbage leaves and attach to the breast to ease pains.  - Menstrual/postnatal abdominal pain - Relieve breast tenderness by placing chilled cabbage leaves straight from the fridge in your bra, or reduce lower abdominal pain by placing the leaves on the tummy. They will have the same effect as a cold compress. Alternatively, warm up the leaves by blanching in boiling water, running a hot iron over them, or putting them in a microwave, and apply.  - Healing wounds- According to the Hartland Institute: “Cabbage is abundant in vitamin C and glutamine, a crystalline amino acid that has anti-inflammatory properties. A simple cabbage poultice reduces inflammation in joints and increases local circulation, relieving lymphatic congestion. It also draws out infected matter and toxins from the body. Use a cabbage poultice for arthritis, chest infections, laryngitis, tonsillitis, mastitis, lymphatic blockages, tumors, gangrene, sciatica, and other nerve pains and skin infections.”  Some Important Tips: 1. Always wash cabbage thoroughly and soak in saline water for about 30mins. 2. Use fresh Cabbage juice for best results. 3. Don’t drink more than 4oz of cabbage juice at a time. 4. Avoid limp cabbages. Make sure its head is firm. 5. Never store Cabbage juice in a refrigerator. 6. Don’t add salt or sugar to cabbage juice, as it may reduce its effect.