SECURITY was tight in the Supreme Court of Appeal as two clashing
Shembe factions argued about who is the rightful leader of the church. Leader of Thembezinhle faction, Mduduzi Shembe, wants the
court to overturn the Pietermaritzburg High Court judgment that ruled that his
uncle, Vela Shembe was the rightful leader. Mduduzi, through his lawyer Rajesh Choudree SC, told the
court that it was his father Vimbeni Shembe's wish that he becomes the leader
of the church after his death. He said his father made this known to several church leaders
before his death in 2011. Choudree told the court that the lower court overlooked the
trust fund which should have been used to appoint the successor. Vimbeni was the sole trustee.  "The appointment of the leader comes from the trust not
the constitution of the church," said Choudree. He said the lower court misdirected itself when it ruled
that Vela was the rightful leader.  The succession battle between Vela and Mduduzi began in 2011
after two announcements were made at Vimbeni’s funeral over who he had chosen
as the future leader. Vimbeni’s lawyer Zwelabantu Buthelezi brought a deed of
nomination, signed on March 16, 2011, and a letter written by Vimbeni at the
funeral, which claimed that Vimbeni wanted Vela as his successor.  Emaqadini chief Mqoqi Ngcobo, who was a close friend of
Vimbeni, announced at the same funeral that the late leader had told him that
he "wished" that his son Mduduzi succeed him.  Vela told the full bench of the appeal court through his
lawyer, Archie Findlay SC, that the high was correct to rule in his favour
because there was a document supporting his appointment. "There were no grounds made why there is a
dispute," said Findlay.  He said Vela was properly and correctly appointed. Acting
Judge Trevor Gorven said when Ngcobo made the announcement it sounded as if the
message came from him and not Vimbeni. Gorven said, on the other hand, the letter from Buthelezi
was clear that Vimbeni wanted Vela to take over. "It doesn't say introduce this person as my nominee but
as the leader. How much clearer can it be," he said.  Inside court, the two groups sat separately from each other. Mdudzi's faction wore the traditional long white robes while
Vela's wore plain clothes. Judgment was reserved. 