ORLANDO Pirates have started operation “sign off Christmas cards” in a bid to give their fans something to cheer about during the festive break. This was revealed by Bucs interim coach Rhulani Mokwena on Tuesday after his side registered a hard fought 3-2 win over Polokwane City at Orlando Stadium to end their four match winless run. The win brought a smile to fans who restored their faith in Mokwena having lost their bragging rights before the Fifa break when Kaizer Chiefs beat them by the same margin in a league game. Pirates will travel to Limpopo to face Baroka FC at Peter Mokaba Stadium next Saturday. They will then wrap the year with a date against Black Leopards at home on 21 December. Said Mokwena: “We know what we have to do in our last two matches, we owe it to our fans. We have turned it into an operation festive season, we want to send them off to the break on a good note. We will do our best to sign off Christmas cards with three points and that’s the most important thing.” Mokwena emphasised that fans deserve better for rallying behind the team in good and bad times. “We saw how they pushed us, I call them the best supporters in the country because they want the best for their team. They’ve got high expectations because they have football understanding, they know when things are right and wrong.” The former Mamelodi Sundowns assistant coach fancies Bucs’ chances of climbing up the Absa Premiership table to be among the top three before the break. Pirates have now collected 16 points from 12 matches. “We are looking for more consistency. We are seventh (prior to yesterday’s matches), but we are three points off third position. We know we can have a better season, we should be having a better season, but the reality is I don’t think there is a consistent team in the PSL at the moment. I haven’t seen anyone winning four or five games in a row accept the team in gold and black (Chiefs). Maybe if we get a little bit more luck on our side we can (do the same). But God loves all of us and he looks after all his kids. I am not trying to jibe anybody. We are on the receiving end of certain situations sometimes and we get a fortunate situation today. You’ve got to be grateful for the good moments and we take them and move on.”