HIGH-FLYING Kaizer Chiefs can’t afford to take their foot off the paddle – if they want to end their trophy drought and get their hands on their first piece of silverware since 2015. They need to keep the same momentum and fighting spirit they have displayed in their matches so far this season. This is according to Serbian striker, Samir Nurkovic, ahead of their Telkom Knockout semi-final against Maritzburg United at the Mbombela Stadium today (3pm). Amakhosi will head into the clash high in confidence due to their rich vein of form, which has seen them go unbeaten in their last eight matches across all competitions. They have managed six wins and two draws. Nevertheless, Nurkovic believes they can’t take anything for granted and will have to show utmost respect to The Team of Choice, who have been in good form themselves. Eric Tinkler’s charges are yet to taste defeat in their last seven outings. Insisted Nurkovic: “We respect every opponent, be it Maritzburg or all other teams. “Maritzburg have a very good coach, so it’ll be a tough game. “We need to continue with the same spirit and stay focused. We can’t put ourselves in the final just yet because there’s an important 90 minutes ahead that we need to play. “What we need to do is continue with our fighting spirit and do our best on the field,” he said. “And with our supporters, it’ll be nice.” The 27-year-old attacker has been somewhat of a revelation for Amakhosi this season, chipping in with four goals and providing one assist in his 11 matches for the club. His bright start to life at Naturena, along with his winning mentality, work ethic, coupled with a fighting spirit, has endeared him to the Amakhosi faithfuls. “It’s a wonderful feeling and best experience ever. For me, Amakhosi fans are the best in the world. “They support us everywhere we go. When we play away we feel like we’re playing at home, it’s a wonderful feeling,” added Nurkovic. “I’m enjoying every moment with the f ans, on and off the field. We love and appreciate their support, me especially. “Thanks to our fans’s support, I’m giving 100% every time I step onto the field,” he said.