PITSO Mosimane is at it again! Not long after he was being hauled before the PSL prosecutor to explain himself for controversial comments he made in the media, Mosimane is now back stirring another pot. Mosimane has been relentlessly accusing Kaizer Chiefs of “benefitting from the referees’ mistakes”, and has even gone as far as referring to the Amakhosi mentor, Ernst Middendorp, as a “lucky coach”. Now the Mamelodi Sundowns coach is coming up as champion to local coaches while taking a swipe at foreign mentors, if what he has been saying could be read well. In a comment seemingly directed at Middendorp, Mosimane vented his frustrations asking to why local coaches were being fired in the PSL and foreign coaches are often spared the axe, even though results are not forthcoming. Without being annoyed, Mosimane came hard, saying he will always fight for South African coaches because they “don’t get jobs in countries such as Germany” – the country where Chiefs coach is coming from. He said despite winning four PSL titles, the 2016 Caf Champions League and the Super Cup and took Sundowns to the Fifa Club World Cup, he will not even be considered for a coaching job in Germany. Mosimane was left dismayed recently after he was asked to express his feelings following the sacking of coach Benni McCarthy at Cape Town City, who was replaced by Dutchman Jan Olde Riekerink. “Benni really came up and took the coaching job to another level,” said Mosimane about the ex-Citizens mentor who celebrated his 42nd birthday yesterday. “There are coaches who have been coaching for more than 10 years here, but they have never won any cup. “I talk on behalf of local coaches because I’m a local coach too, and I believe local coaches have done well. “I was very angry when Clinton Larsen lost his job (at Chippa United in September). I was not happy when Cavin Johnson was let go (at AmaZulu in September). “Can we say that there’s any difference (with Jozef Vukusic now in charge)? “We as South Africans don’t get jobs. When you talk about Slovakia and Serbia, they don’t take us. I can’t go to Germany to coach. They won’t take me. “Even those (foreigners) who are here, how many years have they been here? What have they won? Steve Komphela was sacked at Chiefs. “Was it different last season (after he was sacked)? They finished third when he was there (2017-18 season). Where did Chiefs finish last season? You tell me. I talk for local coaches because I’m local coach.” Mosimane’s men failed to close down the gap between themselves and Chiefs after they lost 3-2 to Komphela’s Golden Arrows in the league match on Sunday. This came after Chiefs beat Orlando Pirates 3-2 in what was an emotional charged Soweto Derby at FNB Stadium on Saturday. Sundowns go into the Fifa break 10 points behind Chiefs, although they still have a game in hand.