  IN 2017, a panel from a high mast light fell and collapsed
on kids who were playing under it! The panel instantly killed five of the children. The country was devastated by the tragic incident that
happened in Soshanguve Block X, north of Tshwane. After the incident, the issue of fixing municipal
infrastructure was thrust into the spotlight. At the time, officials blamed izinyokas whom they said stole
wires from the light. Dimpho (5) and Boitshoko Bopape (11), Lethabo Matibako (9),
Maikano Mmenu (90) and Kearabetswe Baloyi (9) all lost their lives when the
light fell. On Wednesday relatives and teachers held a candle lighting
ceremony where they remembered the slain kids. Families lit candles and a prayer was held. Principal of Lesedi Potlana Primary School, Elvis Ngomane,
said where two of the late children were pupils opened the ceremony with prayer
and words of encouragement to the families. He said the tragedy had left the school poorer without the
dead pupils. “We will never forget them, we pray to the Lord to give
their families, teachers and friends strength to carry on when it is most
difficult like on birthdays, extra mural activities and on days like these when
the tragedy happened,” he said. Susan Bopape (58), who lost two grandkids in the tragedy
said the family was still struggling to cope. She said they take each day at a time and hope they had more
support from authorities. “It breaks my heart to see my daughters struggling every day
without their children. I had raised those children and was there on their
first day of school, I was never bored with them around,” she said. She said when the tragedy happened officials rained on their
home and promised them heaven and earth. “We’ve never seen a psychologist as promised, as soon as the
media left, officials left and we have never seen them, I gues we will see them
during elections,” she said. The high mast light has since been removed and in its place
stand five crosses symbolizing the five children. Anna Baloyi (58) who lost a niece in the tragedy said
although she will never forget what happened she was relieved the light had
been removed. “The light was taunting us, it was as if it was reminding
everyday of our loss,” she said.