THE moment of truth has finally arrived for South Africa’s national team coach Molefi Ntseki. Ntseki, who has overseen Bafana Bafana in just one match, will embark on a quest of qualifying for 2021 Africa Cup of Nations, to be held in Cameroon. The coach, who replaced Stuart Baxter months ago, will be keen to deliver a perpetual impression when they take on the Black Stars of Ghana in a Group C Afcon qualifier match. The blockbuster is billed for Thursday at Ghana’s Cape Coast Stadium (7pm). This will be his second match in charge of the national team. A month ago, Bafana gave Ntseki a perfect start to his tenure when they defeated Mali2-1 in the Nelson Mandela Challenge. But that result doesn’t weigh much. The tough test where he will be judged from starts now, with the back-to-back qualifiers against Ghana on Thursday and Sudan three days later. The squad will assemble for camp today and depart to Cape Coast Ghana tomorrow afternoon for their match. They return to South Africa on Friday to prepare for the Sudan encounter, which will be played at Orlando Stadium on Sunday. In their Group C, Bafana also have less known minnows São Tomé and Príncipe, who are ranked 190th in the world. The top two teams in the group will qualify for the tournament in Cameroon. In the Afcon, which was held in Egypt in June, Bafana reached the quarterfinals where they shocked hosts Egypt in the last-16 round under Baxter’s guidance. Ntseki, who announced his squad at the end of October for these two clashes, retained the bulk of the players that did the job in the Nelson Mandela Challenge as he insisted ‘if it is not broken, why fix it.’ When the squad was announced, the coach admitted he knows the importance of these matches. “These are very crucial matches in that they could determine our destiny in the competition,” Ntseki told reporters. “We have to make sure we start on a positive note because winning brings about a lot of energy to the team. “This makes the next assignment not easy, but more manageable. I’m confident that we will do well.”