IF YOU thought Golden Arrows’ stabbing of Mamelodi Sundowns in the Absa Premiership was by pure fluke, then the Telkom Knockout will tell. But Arrows coach Steve Komphela said he wants to make it two by two and rewrite the club’s history against Sundowns. His aim is to put Pitso Mosimane’s miserable period into sorrow when they meet in the Telkom Knockout semi-final at the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on 23 November. Arrows defeated Sundowns 3-2 in the league last Sunday and would be hoping to repeat their superiority. If Kaizer Chiefs can do it twice against Sundowns and the same Amakhosi do it two times against bitter rivals Orlando Pirates, then what would make it hard for Arrows to defeat Downs twice? In fact, Sundowns are the third team they will face twice on the trot after they beat Polokwane City 1-0 in TKO Last-16 and 2-1 in the league. Next was SuperSport United when they beat them 1-0 in the quarter-final to reach the semis before drawing with them 0-0 in the league. “We went to Polokwane City twice at home, we came through,” said Komphela. “We went to SuperSport away twice and we came through. We just went through Sundowns and it should be twice now. But we all know Sundowns wouldn’t want to lose twice against Arrows – it is a big test and ask.” Previously, Komphela didn’t hide his feelings to see Arrows face Maritzburg United, his former club in the TKO final scheduled for Moses Mabhida Stadium on 14 December. The Team of Choice will face Kaizer Chiefs in the other semi final. And no teams from KwaZulu-Natal have contested the final in the PSL. While Komphela beating Sundowns might have given him an idea of what to come post the Fifa break, he said “the leopard doesn’t change its spot, it’ll remain a leopard” even though they were without Themba Zwane and Gaston Sirino. But the former Chiefs coach, who has previously reached three cup finals and lost them all, one of them to Mosimane’s Sundowns, warned his players not to be complacent. “... once you are comfortable you get complacent. Being complacent then you become mediocre,” he warned. “So we don’t want nice in our life. We want to thrive through discomfort because the only way you can keep going forward is when you feel uncomfortable.”