CHASING money is affecting the progress of long distance athletes in Mzansi. This is the view of long-distance sensation Stephen Mokoka. The athlete, who is currently leading the charge in South African marathons, is also appealing to Athletics SA (ASA), to organise regular training camps. If Mzansi athletes can take part in regular training camps, this will allow them to close the gap between them and the East African runners, that is what Mokoka would love to see happening to accelerate long distance running in the country. He didn’t mince his words when he pointed fingers at some of the things that are holding the sport back. Stressed Mokoka: “We should spend lot of time training, but we are doing the opposite. In Mzansi, runners spend lots of their time chasing after small money. If you keep on doing that you will become an average runner and you won’t have a long career and you will always be broke. If you continue to over race, this will result in you cutting down your programme to accommodate extra travelling and that affects your performance. The long-term results of over racing, kills one’s career.” Mokoka will compete in three races plus the big one, the marathon, at the Olympic Games in 2020. He singled-out household names such as Kenyan Olympic champion Eliud Kipchoge, who usually races just twice a year, as an example of how SA runners should plan their schedules. Mokoka took part in four races and won two this year and he is done for the year.Now he is preparing for the Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan next year. He was named in a preparation team for the Olympic Games by ASA together with Desmond Mokgobu and Elroy Gelant. He expressed his wish for the marathon team next year: “Personally, I would like to go on a training camp with the guys to prepare for the Olympics. If, the three of us can train together, we can make progress. “But in this country, it’s every man for himself and that is disrupting our progress.,” he said. Mokoka clocked 2:11:09 to register a fifth-place finish at the IAAF World Championships in Doha, Qatar last month. He ran the fastest 10km time this year at the FNB City Surf Run in Durban stopping the clock in 28:12.