FORMER South African Under-23 coach, Owen Da Gama believes Young Bafana can go one better than the Class of 2016 and 2000 and reach the knockout phase of the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games. Da Gama, who was the second coach after Shakes Mashaba in 2000, to qualify Young Bafana for the Games when he led his side to the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics, was full of praise for new SA U-23 coach David Notoane and his brave charges who, despite playing with a depleted squad upset the form book and finished third at the recent Africa Under-23 Cup of Nations staged in Egypt. The top three sides at the U-23 Afcon automatically qualify for the Games. Said Da Gama: “That was a brilliant achievement. All credit to the players and coach. They had so many hurdles to overcome and they came through with flying colours.” However, Da Gama said his faith was well placed and he expects this squad to make Mzansi proud at the Olympics next July. Explained Da Gama: “This current squad is a better one than we had in 2016, as most of the players in the squad are getting game time in the PSL and have a couple of top performers in Europe. We have players such as Luther Singh and other players abroad who are developing into top class players. “I have no doubt in my mind this group of Under-23s will go one better than we did in 2016 and reach the knockout rounds at the Olympics.”Da Gama said he was impressed by Notoane: “It’s never easy when national coaches struggle to get players released, but David did a fantastic job with the squad he had. “All credit to him and his players. They will go into the 2020 Olympics better prepared and on a high so I expect good things from them.”Da Gama’s squad missed the Games knockout phase by a single point. He also backs Notoane’s decision to take three over age players which the rules allow. Da Gama had Bafana Bafana star keeper Itumeleng Khune and his defender Eric Mathoho in Rio as his over age players. Added Da Gama: “It makes good sense to draft in three experienced players to help the youngsters. I suffered a set back when I registered over age player Andile Jali but his club in Belgium, Oostende didn’t release him and we could not replace him.”