THE euphoria that is sweeping through Mzansi lately about Kaizer Chiefs having already “won the league” should be dismissed with the contempt it deserves. The 2019/20 Absa Premiership season has not even gone through the halfway mark, but the excitement and ululation out there could be heard far louder than Siya Kolisi could say “champions”. Hungry Chiefs fans made Mzansi’s Rugby World Cup win all about them. I’m not here as a party pooper or to castigate Chiefs fans for celebrating the few matches they have won so far. But they can’t be allowed to go to the extreme and declare themselves as this season’s champions when there is still a good 19 matches to go. Fans should be warned not to put pressure on the players as that could come with a heavy burden and loss of focus. Liverpool were the team to watch and were declared champions with five matches to go last season, but Manchester City ended up winning it, thanks to a sense of entitlement from Reds players. In the 2016/17 Premier Soccer League season, Pitso Mosimane thought Mamelodi Sundowns would win the championship, but Gavin Hunt and his Bidvest Wits had better ideas. The Milpark outfit won it at the death by three points. The same neck-and-neck race ensued a season prior, when Sundowns won it ahead of Wits, with a four-points difference. Much as Chiefs have been thirsty for silverware, but they should tread carefully. Sadly, local coaches in the PSL always gang up against the club, rightfully or wrongfully so. Fact is Chiefs are in a form of their life, and seem to be a better lot than the rest. From a distance, one has been observing the hunger from Chiefs players. They have shown that on-the-pitch fighting spirit for every point available in the league. And they are still in the running for the Telkom Knockout, where they have Maritzburg United in the semi-final. They might win one, or why not both? Amakhosi have been winning key matches, whether by sheer luck or “benefitting from the referees’ mistakes”. That’s football for you. The PSL doesn’t use the VAR technology and the referees’ decisions are taken through the naked eye. Unfortunately, that works against opponents. Someone suggested that had the VAR technology been used in the PSL, Chiefs would have six points less from matches against Mamelodi Sundowns and Orlando Pirates. It’s believed they did not deserve other goals. You be the judge. Hope reigns at the Naturena compound. But don’t count chickens before they hatch.