For
physically active people the need to stay injury-free is absolutely paramount.
It helps keep them on a fixed exercise regimen, and allows them to enhance or
moderate their work-out in the ways that they see fit. However, avoiding
injuries all together is almost impossible for people who have an active
lifestyle. Over the years, athletes, gym enthusiasts and physically active
people have found ways to minimise the amount of time and strain that an injury
takes from their active lifestyles. These methods work and for the most part,
they have created a sense of comfort because of their conventional methodology.  With an
increase in innovative methods of treating ailments and the advancements in the
medical world have opened up the scope for professionals to better deal with
the injuries that occur during peak performance and even simply during minor
activities. The introduction of Medium Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy (mHBOT) to the
world of physically active people has been a wonder to witness. mHBOT is
defined as a process in which a person breathes 100% oxygen intermittently
while inside a hyperbaric chamber that is pressurised to greater than sea level
pressure. This process has added benefits that many conventional methods do not
have.  THERE
ARE 7 NOTEWORTHY BENEFITS THAT ONE SHOULD TAKE INTO ACCOUNT AS THEY CONSIDER
THE USE OF MHBOT: For any physically active person, recovery is just as important as the
time it will take to recuperate. To optimise recovery, athletes should still be
active and avoid passive recovery. This is one of the reasons why mHBOT is
ideal as it may reduce recovery time by up to 30%. recovery should be active
and not just high-pressured intensity that involves sitting around and being
inactive. mHBOT is similar to a speed button for healing and recovery, this is
because the use of oxygen as a healing agent helps reduce muscle tightness and
fatigue, slows down scar formation, it also increases bone and cartilage
regeneration as well as stem cell activation. This helps one get back into the
swing of their active life in no time. Injuries that may be helped with mHBOT therapy: •            
Anterior Cruciate Ligament (ACL) and other ligament injuries •            
Muscle strains and fatigue •            
Cartilage damage Physically active people tend to go through peak performance seasons,
this involves exercise and activity that is intense, grueling and can spread
across a long period of time. For athletes that actively compete in
competitions, the risk of injury during this period is amplified. Many athletes
many never experience a concussion or traumatic brain injury (TBI) but for
those that do, mHBOT is greatly beneficial. The pressure-increase and oxygen filled environment of an mHBOT
treatment assists the body in healing itself after a concussion by reducing the
agony, exhaustion and other debilitating symptoms that come with a TBI. Compartment syndrome is a condition that occurs when there's a large
amount of pressure inside a muscle compartment which causes swelling and bleeding
tissue. People that enjoy recreational running or jogging and even those that
compete in long distance running can suffer from compartment syndrome. This is
a rare often painful ailment, that is potentially dangerous. An mHBOT chamber
may be an effective way to prevent this painful condition. For many physically active people, the need to
boost and increase performance is a goal that they continue to work towards.
They train at high altitudes to increase red blood cell production and the
oxygen-carrying capabilities of their blood. Making use of mHBOT treatments for
gains in performance and the oxygenation in their blood is incredibly important
and helps in their pursuit of greatness. Living an active lifestyle requires endurance, stamina, strength, focus
and mental clarity. A treatment such as oxygen therapy helps minimise brain fog
by increasing sharpness and improving mental focus.