INTERIM South African Under 20 coach Helman “Midnight Express” Mkhalele has admitted that his young team is under pressure to maintain the high standard set by previous sides. Amajita head into this year’s Cosafa Championship, to be staged in Zambia from 4-14 December, as one of the favourites to clinch a record fifth title. Mkhalele’s charges are the defending champions having won the competition back-to-back in the past two years under the tutelage of former mentor Thabo Senong. And the “Class of 2019”, which is made up of entirely new faces except for Oswin Appollis, is expected to make it a successive hat-trick of Cosafa titles. “We have won the Cosafa back-to-back. The pressure is on these young players to maintain the legacy that Amajita have established,” said Mkhalele. On my side as well, I feel under pressure to do the same. But I’m going into the tournament just looking at how the team will fare with the young players we have brought in. “I tell the players that this is healthy pressure that they should embrace and not allow it to hinder them. We are building for the 2021 World Cup and Afcon. “Things are going well in training, the new group of players are trying to understand each other and gel. We are progressing well in building team spirit and cohesion. “Having a few players that played in the U-17s will help a lot and it shows that there is progression within our national teams. It also bodes well for our senior team.” Amajita have been drawn in Group B against Lesotho, Madagascar, and Mauritius. They kick off their title defence against Mauritius on Thursday, 5 December, before locking horns with Madagascar three days later on 8 December. They play their last group match against Lesotho on Tuesday, 10 December. According to Mkhalele, neither of these teams will be pushovers and he believes his boys will have to dig deep to retain their title. “Any team that comes up against the South African national team prepares for us thoroughly,” added Mkhalele. “We are expecting all those games to be tough.”