 PARAMEDICS were yet again robbed of their cell phones! The three officials were robbed at gun point of three cell
phones on Wednesday early morning at Block GG, Soshanguve north of
Tshwane. According to Tshwane Emergency Services the City of Tshwane
Emergency Medical Operations officials were robbed of their cell phones while
responding to an emergency medical call, which could be a prank one, at a house
in Soshanguve, Tshwane. Tshwane Emergency Services Spokesman, Deputy Chief Charles
Mabaso, said the robbed officials have been booked for employee assistance
program with the City employee wellness officials. "Such acts has the potential to scare officials when
doing night duty. “We call on all sectors of society to condemn such acts of
criminality." "Officials are advised to remain vigilant when
responding to incidents at night," he said. Mabaso said this seems to be an opportunistic act of crime. According to Mabaso, such cases have been reported elsewhere
in the country, but this was the first case involving Tshwane Emergency
Services official. "Tshwane Emergency Services department considers the
safety and security of its officials as a top priority. "We will explore means to mitigate the concerned
risk," he said. Mabaso said the Tshwane Emergency Call Centre received an
emergency call requesting assistance with a patient that was having difficulty
in breathing. "The officials responded to a call as given by
communication centre. “On arrival the house lights were off, and the gate was
closed and locked." He said the officials contacted control centre to help in
alerting the caller of their arrival. According to Mabaso while one of the officials was busy on
the phone with communication centre, an unknown man knocked on the ambulance’s
window informing him that he is the person who needed the ambulance. "The unknown man proceeded to give the ambulance
officials the exact location of where the patient was. “Before they realise what was happening, the unknown man
confronted the official with a gun through an open window demanding cellular
phones from the officials. "They complied and handed over their three cell phones
to him. “The thug instructed officials to speed off from the scene,”
said Mabaso He added that on their way from the scene they met a Gauteng
Provincial Government (GPG) ambulance looking for the same house number. "The Tshwane officials advised the GPG officials to
join them to report the incident at Phuthanong Police Station. Mabaso said a case of armed robbery was reported at the
Puthanong Police Station. "We condemn such acts of criminality against its
personnel. "Emergency Services personnel are dedicated to the
care, treatment and transportation of the sick and injured without any
prejudice," he said. He said any attack on officials and acts of crime and
cruelty must be deemed as a direct attack on a lifesaving service  and be condemned by all sectors of society. "The Emergency Service Department does not intend to
label some parts of the City as red zones or no go areas," he said.