The Proteas will play for pride in their final Spar challenge international netball test series after losing twice to the England Roses at the Velodrome, Belville in Cape Town on Friday and Saturday. It took extra-time to decide the winner on Friday as the Roses walked away 63-58 winners in the opening test. But there was no need for extra-time on day two as the Roses clinched the series with a 2-0 victory after they bagged a 59-53 victory on Saturday afternoon. The final test series will be placed at the same venue on Sunday at 11am. It’s a dead rubber and the Proteas will be playing for pride, while the visitors are hoping to complete a white wash. The Proteas have now lost four matches against the Roses in one calendar year losing just once in their five meetings. On the bright side the likes of Khanyisa Chawane, the youngest Protea at the age of 23, gained some much needed valuable experience at the highest level. The Proteas will dust themselves off and comeback in 2020 much wiser. All is not lost as the Proteas have the potential to comeback and become a force to be reckoned with. More of these test matches in the New Year will help the Proteas to get their groove back. It’s also important for them to save face and try to win the final test match for the benefit of the fans that have packed the arena since day one. The Proteas were determined to prevent the Roses from clinching the series with one game to spare, but couldn’t pull it off. The visitors raced into a 16-12 lead in the opening quarter. The fans came in their numbers to rally behind Mzansi and they cheered for every pass and moment that the home team made. The arena was packed to capacity. The gulf in class showed as the English team took a three goal lead at the end of the first quarter. Skipper Bongiwe Msomi urged not to lose grip on the match. Just like yesterday, goal shooter Lenize Potgieter stepped up and scored a couple of crucial goals to keep the Proteas in the game. Coach Dorette Badenhorst told her players to give the third best team in the world a run for their money. It was not going to be easy to chase the game for the Proteas, but they gave a good account of themselves in the second quarter. The Roses led 29-27 at half-time and they were still in the game as they trailed by just two points. The third quarter was a knife on the edge stuff. The Proteas had nothing to lose but everything to again. They gave it their all and stretched the Roses all the way.  The Roses took a two point lead as they were ahead 43-41 at the end of the third quarter. There was all to play for going into the fourth and final quarter of the match. It was a case of now or never for the Proteas as they had to save the series at all cost. But things didn’t go their way as they suffered yet another defeat. The technical team have their work cut out if they are to bring the team to the level where the top teams in the world are. The crowd gave both teams a standing ovation for playing their hearts out.