WITH the festive season around the corner, it seems cops in KZN are already geared up for action against any crime. In just one day, they arrested four suspects in different parts of the province – two in Newlands East and the other two in Umhlanga – in connection with two separate incidents. KZN cops spokesman Brigadier Jay Naicker said in the first incident two suspects confronted a man at his home in Ashburton and held him and his three children at gunpoint. READ: ‘I’M KILLING MYSELF BECAUSE OF OUR DAUGHTER’ Naicker said the armed men then robbed the man of his computer and two TV sets, tied him and fled the scene in his car. “The victim managed to untie himself and alerted the police,” said Naicker. He said a multidisciplinary operation was unleased after information was received from Tracker that the vehicle was in Newlands East. “A chase ensued and there was an exchange of gunfire between the police and suspects,” he said. Naicker said two suspects, both aged 35, were arrested. The stolen vehicle and other stolen property were also recovered. “Charges of attempted murder and possession of suspected stolen property are being investigated by Newlands East SAPS. The arrested suspects will appear in the Durban Magistrates Court soon,” he said. Naicker said in the second incident two suspects were arrested in Umhlanga. “Police spotted two men loitering between vehicles at the shopping centre,” he said. READ: BOSS FORCED ME TO SUCK HIS 4-5! He said when the suspects realised cops were observing them, they jumped into a car and sped off. Police gave chase and there was an exchange of gunfire. The suspects drove towards the end of Lagoon Drive, where their car stalled. They then fled on foot into nearby bushes with police on their trail. “Two suspects aged 19 and 24 were arrested. Police seized car breaking implements, two-way radio and ammunition. The suspect’s vehicle was impounded by police for further investigation. The two suspects are expected to appear at Durban magistrate’s court on charges of attempted murder, possession of ammunition as well as possession of car breaking implements,” said Naicker.