HIGHLANDS Park are eager to end their winless run at the expense of Cape Town City this weekend. The teams will battle it out in an Absa Premiership match at Cape Town Stadium on Saturday (6pm). The Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba have now gone five matches without a win in all competitions, following a 1-1 draw with Bidvest Wits in a league match at Makhulong Stadium on Tuesday. The last time Owen Da Gama’s side registered a win was on 26 October when they beat Chippa United 2-0 at the same venue. Since then they lost three matches, including an exit in the Telkom Knockout. Da Gama is positive his charges will soon turn the corner, having failed to convert chances they created against Wits. Even though the former Orlando Pirates mentor didn’t want to discuss referees, he seems disappointed with the match officials who also made fans angry. He said: “I am very disappointed, I don’t know whether I should laugh or cry because the players work so hard. But to draw a match in that fashion is rather unfortunate. “We are not at liberty to talk about Wits, talk about the referee or anybody, we can only reflect on what we have done. “I don’t want to talk about penalties, it’s for everybody to see whether it was a penalty or not. But I can tell you the supporters are very angry.” Da Gama says once his players are clinical in front of goal their slump will be a thing of the past. However, they won’t have an easy passage to glory considering that City’s new mentor Olde Riekerink is also desperate for a win, having drawn his first game 0-0 against Bloemfontein Celtic away. Explained Da Gama: “I am proud of the boys, this team is in its second season in the league, Wits is a seasoned team and we nullified them in defence, up front and in the middle. But sometimes results don’t go your way. We will keep working hard, this should make us stronger, make us better and more clinical in front of goal.” Highlands will pin their hopes on midfielders Peter Shalulile and Mothobi Mvala, while City will rely on the scoring ability of Kermit Erasmus to upset the visitors.