THIS could be an unusual Christmas for league title-chasing Kaizer Chiefs. Ernst Middendorp’s boys may miss the turkey lunch and pudding and report for training in the festive season… that, of course, is if the Amakhosi coach has things his way. Middendorp may have said so in jest. But his statement goes to demonstrate just how determined he is to deliver the league championship for the success-starved Amakhosi. Middendorp has bagged the Absa Premiership Coach of the Month award for the September/October while his goalkeeper, Daniel Akpeyi, scooped the Player of the Month award. The award, his second of the season, is the result of the hard work the German has put in, not only this month, but since the beginning of the season in his earnest attempt to engineer a turnaround at the Soweto giants. He could schedule more training sessions right into festive season in a bid to maintain momentum “There is no break. We will keep on working. If we are in a good mood we will train on 24 and 25 December. “Maybe we rest. Or maybe we train. There is no break,” said Middendorp. “I’m grateful for this award. It is not about me but the technical team, the players and the club. It’s a reflection of the work we are doing. It is definitely a confirmation of the work done by the technical team, Lee Baxter (goalkeeper coach)‚ Shaun Bartlett (assistant coach), in being able to maintain the team’s run in the league. Definitely we will enjoy the moment.” Akpeyi said: “This comes as a big surprise to me but it also shows the importance of putting effort forward in whatever you do. “I’m settling in. I’m taking each game as it comes. Khune (Itumeleng) is a good ‘keeper, I’m just grateful for the opportunity from the coach. It’s healthy competition in that department. I’m just happy to be improving all the time.” Amakhosi picked themselves up from the TKO loss against Maritzburg United last weekend to crush Stellenbosch 4-0 in their midweek league clash. The rich vein of form in the league has seen them chalk up four victories to collect 12 points from a possible 15, as they stretched their lead at the top of the standings to 10 points over closest rivals Mamelodi Sundowns.