SEVERAL University of Limpopo students were left stranded after the Polokwane Municipality demolished their rented rooms in Mankweng last week. The move was condemned by the ANC Youth League, which said the demolition, without offering alternative accommodation, showed a lack of political leadership on the part of the ANC-run municipality. Tony Rachuene, the league’s co-ordinator in the Peter Mokaba region, described the demolition as “self-sabotage”. He said the act would cost the ANC dearly in the 2021 local government elections. Rachuene said the league felt the municipality should have provided leadership on the matter. “It should have presented this ANC government as a leading and caring government. We’re concerned that housing remains one of government’s biggest challenges. “Government can’t be seen to be stripping its people of the right to shelter, which is enshrined in the Constitution,” he said. The municipality, however, said the illegal rented rooms were built on land earmarked for a school. Spokesman Thipa Selala said the landlord was first served with a court order in 2016 but ignored it and continued to build. He rubbished claims the municipality demolished houses belonging to disadvantaged people. “The municipality obtained the court order against the owner in 2016 shortly after the illegal structures were noticed. Between 2016 and now the owner only chose to ignore the order to remove the structures until another notice was issued on Monday last week before the demolition took place. “He continued to ignore the new notice and we had to remove those illegal structures,” Selala said. Caretaker Helen Thlapa (25) said the students were left without accommodation as a result. She said in some instances students’ belongings were also destroyed. She said the landlord would study the court order before commenting on the matter. “We had to refund the students because they had just paid their rent for the new month as we have no other place to take them to,” she said. “Our lawyer is looking into the matter because we’ve bought the site.”