IT’S time for a new strategy. You can’t keep doing the same thing and expect different results. This is the current situation that Athletics SA (ASA) and their athletes are facing in the build-up to the Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan next year. ASA president, Aleck Skhosana, is tired of making up endless excuses for a bunch of underperforming athletes. In the wake of Team SA’s dismal performance at the IAAF World Championships in Doha, Qatar, where the team returned with tails between their legs, Skhosana revealed reasons why SA athletes were a flop on world stage. The outspoken Skhosana did not beat about the bush as he highlighted the local athletes’ biggest downfall every year. Explained Skhosana: “SA athletes don’t train the correct way and don’t have time to rest. The Kenyans and Ethiopians athletes don’t over-race. “They train correctly and choose the races they want to run carefully and work with dedicated coaches and agents. “They can prepare for six months without racing instead of running every Saturday and Sunday. “What kills our top athletes in this country is they run everyday. They run 10km on Saturday and on Sunday do 21.1km and next week they run 42.2km. “They don’t have time to train. It’s about time we dictate to them where and when they will run from now on.” The tough-talking Skhosana did not spare the track and field athletes either, as he also accused them of over competing in different events all over the world.Commenting on the Olympic squad for Tokyo, Skhosana said: “Every athlete must earn their straps. We don’t have a room for mediocrity, athletes will go to Japan based on merit no favours we don’t care if you are a household name or not.” He must prepare thoroughly and not over compete.” Skhosana alluded that Mzansi has too many running events than any other country in the world and that is having a negative impact on its athletes. Stressed Skhosana: “For instance, we have too many marathons in SA. Our athletes are always on the road we have close to 2000 races in this country. There is no time for camps in the mountains. The nature of our programs forces them to be on the road all the time and that must change.”