 The office
of the national police commissioner, General Kehla Sitole, has slammed a Sunday
Independent report on an alleged "cover-up" in the Senzo Meyiwa
murder investigation as containing "myriad assumptions, untruths and
innuendos". Sitole's
spokesperson, Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo, said the report had "the potential
of causing unnecessary uncertainties". The report
contains all manner of accusations which include that the lead investigator in
the case, Colonel Bongani Gininda, withheld a crucial statement he received in
2017 on who murdered Meyiwa. He was
gunned down at Kelly Khumalo's mother's home in Vosloorus, Ekurhuleni, in 2014. Khumalo and
Meyiwa were dating at the time. Initially,
it was claimed that at least two men - one of them armed – had stormed the
house intending to rob its occupants. In the chaos, Meyiwa and one of the men
were entangled in a struggle before the goalkeeper was shot. "For
starters, Colonel Gininda is heading a team that is re-looking cold cases in
the SA Police cold case intervention programme," Naidoo said in a
statement on Monday. "Gininda
is still the lead investigator of the team that is investigating the murder. He
was never removed or replaced." This as
Police Minister Bheki Cele assured all and sundry the police were all over the
investigation - having fanned off allegations that the docket had gone missing
and now with the added pressure of AfriForum pursuing its own investigation
into the murder. Naidoo
added Sitole was being kept abreast of the investigation "and is satisfied
with the work that has been done so far". A City
Press report last week revealed that an audio recording existed in which a
senior executive in the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) told a member of
Meyiwa's family that the police would again question those who were in the
house at the time of his murder. "As
the NPA, we suspect the shooting happened among the people who were inside the
house. We need experienced police officers to go back and re-interview everyone
who was in the house on the day Senzo was gunned down. We are not happy with
their statements," the publication quoted the executive. SOURCE: NEWS24