BAFANA BAFANA coach Molefi Ntseki is against the ropes. The new coach has been off to a losing start and wants to use the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifier against Sudan to redeem himself. Bafana face the North African outfit in a must-win in Group C of the Afcon 2021 Cameroon qualifier at Orlando Stadium today (3pm). Bafana started their quest to book their ticket to the West African country with a 2-0 loss against four times African champions Ghana on Thursday. It was Ntseki’s first competitive match in charge of the men’s senior national team. He is going into the match against the Sudanese under pressure. Ntseki was bullish at the press conference in Joburg yesterday when he told members of the media that his team would be firing from all cylinders against Sudan. The Sudanese team started their campaign with a thumping 4-0 against Sao Tome and Principe. The tough-talking Ntseki stressed that Bafana would take the game to the visitors from the onset. A confident-looking Ntseki said: “Attack, attack, attack, that’s our approach going into the game. After winning 4-0 in their first game, a point will be good enough for them. “We expect them to be more defensive and deploy time-delaying tactics to frustrate us. “We’ll start the game on the front foot to put them under pressure to get the early goal. “We want more goals. We’re playing at home. We can’t have a situation of not taking the game from them. We need to win this game at all costs and will be offensive.” Ntseki has 25 members in his squad. He said he would make a couple of changes. “There’ll be changes based on the plan we want to execute today. “We want to cause more havoc and get more goals,” he added. Lanky striker Lebo Mothiba and midfielder Dean Furman echoed the coach’s sentiment. He said it’s a huge game and there is no room for error. Furman said: “We’re targeting maximum points. We’re looking for a positive performance and more goals. We’re also going to adopt an attacking display from the onset. A win will get us up and running. “There’s no two ways about it we have to win.” Mothiba said it’s important to level on points with Sudan, and that Bafana can handle the pressure. “We’re going all out for a win that’s non-negotiable.”