KZN Legislature member, Vikizitha Mlotshwa of the National Freedom Party, is going through a terrible time. His fiancee has died in a dreadful blaze, her four-year-old son who was also in the fire is fighting for his life in hospital, and his step-daughter has committed suicide. READ: PICS: IDLOZI CALLS SLAY QUEEN! Mlotshwa was on the Mozambican border last Thursday doing government work when he heard that his fiancee Amelta Dlamini (39) had died in an apparent suicide attempt after a fire in their house in Winterton. Her four-year-old son Sheleni was in the house with her. The mum died in hospital on Friday. The son is said to be critical but stable after being transferred to Inkosi Albert Luthuli Hospital in Durban. The news, apparently kept secret, only came out on Monday night after a visit by members of the Legislature While Mlotshwa was still dealing with news of Amelta and her son’s death, he was told his 15-year-old stepdaughter Busiswa Dlamini had died after committing suicide. Mlotshwa said she drank brake fluid and died at her aunt’s place after she heard what had happened to her mother and her younger brother. Mlotshwa told Daily Sun yesterday he received a call from his fiancee telling him she wanted to say goodbye and thanked him for everything he’d done for her. While he was still trying to understand what she was saying, she gave the phone to the son to also say goodbye. Mlotshwa said the boy told him the mother had doused the house with petrol and asked him to speak to his dad for the last time. READ: BOSS FORCED ME TO SUCK HIS 4-5! He said it appeared she collected the son from creche, took him to the car in the garage, closed all the doors and windows, poured petrol everywhere and set it on fire. “I went mad hearing my son telling me he was talking to me for the last time. I wished I could get a flight home but I was 500km away,” said the emotional Mlotshwa. He said his wife told him she did it because her daughter Busiswa was on drugs and was ruining their relationship. He saidshe sent a message to the daughter telling her she was killing herself because of her, and said she must carry on with her life of drugs. Mlotshwa said the daughter killed herself on Friday after hearing the news of her mother’s death. 