AT VIRTUALLY every level, South Africa versus Nigeria is never just any game of football. As cliche as it may sound, sparks fly whenever these two African giants clash on the field of play. Be it in sport, music, culture and even the economy, the competitive spirit is always high between the two proud nations. And on Friday night, (8pm) they resume their long-standing on-field rivalry when the SA Under-23 national team lock horns with their Nigerian counterparts. The Al Salam Stadium in Cairo will be the battleground for this U-23 Cup of Nations (Afcon) Group B tussle. At stake is a place in the semi-finals of the competition set to determine the three teams that will automatically qualify to represent the continent at the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games. As things stand, David Notoane’s charges are in pole position to secure a spot in the last four of the Afcon and edge a step closer to booking their ticket to Japan next year. And Notoane has indicated during the week that they are not afraid of Nigeria, as they look to conclude the group phase of the tournament on a winning note. Teboho Mokoena’s stunning Lionel Messi inspired free-kick in their 1-0 victory over Ivory Coast in their last match sent them to the top of their group with four points from two outings. The SuperSport United midfielder said he and his teammates are now determined to replicate that performance against the Dream Team of Nigeria. “Nigeria have a great side,” admitted Mokoena. “So we have to focus and have the same mentality we did against Ivory Coast. “We’ve already kept two clean sheets, that’s a good sign, if we keep another against Nigeria then we are in the semi-finals.” Their opponents Nigeria, though, are desperate for all three points to keep their chances of defending their title. That’s because in the other Group B match kicking off simultaneously at the Cairo International Stadium, Ivory Coast are largely expected to be too powerful for Zambia. And should the third-placed Small Elephants walk out victorious while Nigeria fail to beat Young Bafana, the curtain will fall on the Olympic Eagles’ campaign. No doubt, booting Nigeria out of the Afcon and ending their Olympic dream, would leave a sweet taste of revenge on every Mzansi football fanatic’s mouth. This after the Nigeria senior national team knocked Bafana Bafana out of the Afcon also held in Egypt a few months ago. The Nigeria women’s national team also beat Banyana Banyana in the final of the Africa Women’s Cup of Nations (AWCON) final in Ghana in 2018.