Kaizer Chiefs
consolidated their position at the top of the Absa Premiership standings with a
convincing 4-0 victory over Stellenbosch FC at Cape Town Stadium on Wednesday
evening. Samir Nurkovic grabbed a brace, Siyabonga Ngezana and Dumisani
Zuma got one apiece while Lebogang Manyama provided two assists as the Amakhosi
moved ten points clear of Mamelodi Sundowns - albeit with a game in hand. Khama Billiat had the first opportunity of the game in the seventh
minute when he intercepted a loose pass from Marvin De Goede on the edge of the
box before driving in to the area but he leant back on the effort and it went
over the bar. The Amakhosi broke the deadlock in the 11th minute. Billiat won
the corner after a block on his shot by Stellies captain Jarrad Moroole.
Manyama whipped the set-piece in to the box and centre-back Ngezana, making his
first start of the season, headed home. Soon after, Kearyn Baccus drove forward in midfield and his
deflected shot heading towards the bottom right-hand corner was well saved by a
diving Boy de Jong in the hosts' goal. The Glamour Boys doubled their lead in the 23rd minute and it came
from a corner once again as Manyama's header was flicked by Nurkovic at the
near post in to the far corner. The visitors were dominating the second half as they had the
first, knocking the ball around confidently, while in contrast Stellies were
poor in possession. After some slick one-touch passing and movement from Amakhosi,
Bernard Parker found himself with space on the edge of the box and fired an
effort towards the top left-hand corner but it was held by De Jong. With the hosts sloppy in possession, Chiefs had been thriving on
the counter-attack all game and on one such break, Manyama crossed from the
right-hand side to an unmarked Nurkovic at the back post but his diving header
could not find the mark. Once again Stellies lost possession on the hour mark but
fortunately for them Manyama did not capitalise as his left-footed shot lacked
power as well as being straight at De Jong. With 20 minutes to go, Nurkovic curled narrowly over the left-hand
upright from the left-hand side after being assisted by Baccus. Moments later,
Waseem Isaacs could not beat Daniel Akpeyi from an acute angle after being
played in by Marc van Heerden. But any Stellies resistance was short lived as Nurkovic grabbed
his brace in the 77th minute. Another quick counter-attack created a
three-on-three situation with Zuma breaking the offside trap to run clear
through on goal from Manyama's through ball. The replacement forward's effort
was saved by De Jong but Nurkovic headed home the rebound. Zuma had an opportunity to make it four with five minutes to go
but skied his effort over the bar. But it mattered little as the Glamour Boys
strengthened their title credentials. https://www.sport24.co.za/Soccer/PSL/chiefs-far-to-strong-for-stellenbosch-fc-20191127