ANGRY house owner Thandi Ngqelakhe wants Heavy K to vacate her property. “So I can rent the house to people who are willing to pay,” she said.  What started out as the sale of a house in Port Elizabeth between Thandi and popular house DJ and producer, Heavy K has turned sour. Thandi has accused the music star of refusing to vacate her property after he breached their contract. On 1 February last year, Heavy K posted a picture of his dad next to a house which he captioned: “Daddy’s New Home, my New Home!” He also said: “Seeing my father’s teary eyes posing next to his new crib & car!”  But on Thursday, Thandi tweeted the picture Heavy K once posted complaining about the burden of still paying the bond. Thandi told Daily Sun she put the house up for rental she agreed on a rental agreement with Heavy K with the possibility to purchase. She said he proposed to buy the house over a period of 18 months and pay R100 000, another R400 000 in May and the remaining balance to be paid before end December. He also had to pay rates and taxes. READ: WAR OVER IDOLS TWINS! Heavy K and Thandi signed a contract which the SunTeam had seen. “He then failed to pay the municipal bill as well as the second payment of R400 000,” she said. Thandi said the DJ paid an additional R100 000 but by that time she had requested that he vacate the house. Services to the house and her other home had been cut because her accounts are linked. She asked her lawyer to take over and the DJ was given notice to vacate the house on 9 September. On 14 September, Heavy K allegedly told Thandi that he wasn’t going to move. READ: HELPER RIDES A MERC! Heavy K’s attorney, Bongani Khanyile said yesterday that the “attempt at cancellation was not proper in law.” He said his client has no intentions to vacate the house without a formal eviction application but if it were brought, they’d fight it strongly. He said they demanded that in order for the contract to be lawfully cancelled Thandi should repay Heavy K but she did not respond. Khanyile said Thandi’s social media posts of Heavy K’s transaction is seen as defamatory and they will take instructions whether to take legal action.