Tshwane Member of the Mayoral Committee for Roads and Transport, Cllr Sheila-Lynn Senkubuge is being investigated. This after a private citizen  laid charges against Senkubuge questioning whether she was eligible to hold a council seat in council. It is alleged she initially held permanent South African residency at the time of her appointment, before she became a naturalised citizen of this country. The ANC said it has noted the sudden resignation of the Member of the Mayoral Committee for Roads and Transport, Cllr Sheila-Lynn Senkubuge following a recent exposé about her bona fides regarding her legal status before the Local Government Elections (LGE) of 2016. “While it appears on the face of it that she is resigning after being disgraced by the release of a damning recording - which the ANC suspects was her own doing- revealing her fraternizing relations with the Executive Mayor, it seems there is more than meets the eye,” said ANC Tshwane Caucus REC spokesperson Cde Bafuze Yabo. MAYOR & MMC: WE WERE NOT POKING! Yabo said the ANC said has learned that the recorded incident was a regular occurrence after many Mayoral Committee Meetings between the two. Following the release of the damning recording another damning allegation has surfaced that not only affects the person of Sheila-Lynn Senkubuge but decimates the entire facade put up by the DA of an upright political party that is beyond reproach. Allegations of fraud and misrepresentation have surfaced against Sheila-Lynn Senkubuge and the DA dating back to the Local Government Elections of 2016. Evidence has surfaced revealing how Sheila-Lynn Senkubuge was not a naturalized citizen of South Africa at the time of the 2016 LGE but was submitted by the DA in their candidates lists to the IEC. It is apparent that the DA is a party that indicates left and turns right and only preaches rectitude at face value. It appears it's all a farce. 'SEX' MAYOR PLACED ON SPECIAL LEAVE! Senkubuge resigned earlier today and the DA has confirmed it has received her resignation letter., "I can confirm that we have received her resignation letter," provincial leader John Moody said. According to Moody, a private citizen had also laid charges against Senkubuge, questioning whether she was eligible to hold a council seat due to her initially holding permanent residency before becoming a naturalised citizen. When asked if her resignation was linked to an alleged leaked sex recording scandal, Moody said: "It is up to her at the end of the day, she needs to face whatever action she needs to face." 'I TOLD MY WIFE BEFORE THE AUDIO WAS LEAKED!' The ANC is shocked to learn that the DA is putting the blame squarely at the door of the IEC without taking any responsibility. “The DA is known for claiming to run internal processes that are thorough and beyond reproach. Why would they now suddenly blame the IEC for having missed the fact that one of their candidates was not yet a naturalized citizen of this country by the time the 2016 LGE took place? This doesn't sound like an honest political party.” The ANC said it will approach the Directorate of Special Investigations (Hawks) through the South African Police Service in the coming week to open a case of fraud and misrepresentation against the DA and Sheila-Lynn Senkubuge.