IT WASN’T love at first sight for Enhle and Black Coffee when they met in 2010. But over time, they were head over heels and inspired many. However, Mzansi was shocked to learn yesterday that one of THE NATION’S FAVOURITE COUPLES HAD SPLIT! Enhle Mbali took to Instagram to confirm she and Black Coffee, whose real name is Nkosinathi Maphumulo, had separated. This came after Sunday World reported that Enhle filed court papers for a protection order in which she states she has depression. In a four-minute video filmed on a balcony, an emotional Enhle asks for privacy. “I have now in me a fight that I’ve never understood, but I understand that it’s placed in me at this point of my life. It’s been a very rough year, but I still stand tall and proud.” READ: WATCH: ENHLE SPEAKS OUT! Enhle also quoted Nigerian writer Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie’s essay We Should All Be Feminists, taken from a viral TED Talk she gave. Parts of it were featured on Beyonce’s single, Flawless. “Because I’m female, I’m expected to aspire to marriage. I’m expected to make my life choices always keeping in mind that marriage is most important,” she read. “Now marriage can be a source of joy and love and mutual support, but why do we teach girls to aspire to marriage and we don’t teach boys the same? “We raise girls to see each other as competitors, not for jobs or accomplishments, which I think can be a good thing, but for the attention of men.” After only dating for three months, Black Coffee proposed to Enhle on holiday in Greece. In 2011, they married in a traditional ceremony and had a glittering white wedding at Sun City two years ago. They kept their relationship private but shared photos on social media showing Black Coffee showering her with gifts. He became world famous. She launched a maternity wear range in Mzansi and the US. Over the years rumours made the rounds – even claims that Black Coffee was having an affair with an older French socialite. Instagram users responded to the video with words of support. Other celebs who recently separated are Idols SA judge Unathi Nkayi and Thomas Msengana, as well as Nhlanhla and TK Nciza.