The Mamelodi Sundowns player Sirino appeared in front of the DC on (Tuesday 27 November). According to the DC prosecutor Nande Becker, Sirino said he was stressed, based on the Uruguayan star’s medical certificate produced to the league by Sundowns but didn’t mention what type of stress. The 28-year-old’s charges emanated in the MTN8 second leg semi final against SuperSport United at Lucas Moripe Stadium on the 18 September. Sirino appeared to hit United defender Clayton Daniels in the neck with his hand. In the same incident that become more of a scuffle, he threw a punch to United captain Dean Furman in the head. “If Sirino is found guilty, the minimum sentence for each incident is a two match ban - which will make it to four games - because he's facing two charges already after receiving a red card this past weekend,” said Becker to SunSport yesterday. “But it’ll also depend on how he conducts himself in the case and notifications - things like that.” Sirino, who has been excellent for Sundowns since he joined the club in the second half of 2017-18 season, is already suspended. He was sent off this past weekend in Sundowns’ win over Golden Arrows in the Telkom Knockout semi final at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium. This means, if found guilty based on his two charges, he’ll miss six matches (including the red card he got last Saturday). This means he'll be ruled out of the TKO final on 14 December in Durban.     This though will come as relief to Masandawana after the PSL DC handed out a hefty six-month suspension to Cape Town City midfielder Mpho Makola. According to the PSL handbook, the Uruguayan pint-sized forward was not going to face a lengthy because his incident was was player to player based. Makola's offence was of a player to a match official, which is why he was given a minimum of six months. That rule was also applied to TS Sporting manager Vusi Mtimane. The former Cape Town City media officer was imposed with a six-month suspension, three months was held off on condition that he’s not found guilty of similar offense during that period. 