INSTEAD of celebrating his side going to the Telkom Knockout final, Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane decided to mock Kaizer Chiefs yet… again. He said no team has won the league title in November and they can only talk in May, maintaining that Sundowns are still the champions and they are here to defend their title. This was clearly a dig at Chiefs who are at the top of the log with 28 points from 11 games, ten points ahead of second placed Sundowns, though the Tshwane giants have a game in hand. It was just out of nowhere that coach Mosimane once again lost it and had a go at Ernst Middendorp’s side. This came after Sundowns advanced to the final of the TKO following their 2-1 victory over Golden Arrows at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Saturday. “Who’s got the league title? It is us. We have the league title and it’s in Chloorkop,”said Mosimane after the game. “No one has a trophy. We have a league title in Chloorkop and we are defending it, remember. So all these noises, it’s okay, its good noise, but where is a trophy? It is in Chloorkop. “The other one, is at SuperSport United (who won the MTN8 earlier this season), they are all in Tshwane. Okay. The last two trophies are in Tshwane. There’s noise, there’s this. “Remember, it is how you end, neh? Yes, you can start very well and look very good, promising and say, ‘This year, this is year.’ We’ll talk in May. Let’s talk in May, not now, February, March, let’s talk in May. That is the way it is. “I’m talking about nine (league) trophies. Maybe we can get relegated for four years and other people win, win, but they can’t arrive (to our number of winning the league nine times).” This is second time Mosimane mocked Chiefs and Middendorp. Just before the international break, he said he will not get a job in Germany even though he has won the league title four times, the Caf Champions League and Caf Super Cup. The reason also that makes Mosimane smile, all his four leagues at Sundowns have come just under seven years in charge of the club. That tally is the same number Chiefs have won league titles since the PSL inception in 1996. 