FOLLOWING Mpho Makola’s six months ban by the PSL, Mamelodi Sundowns star Gaston Sirino could be next. The Uruguayan will appear before the PSL DC today following delays alleged to have been due to stress, something that he has produced a medical certificate to confirm. This was confirmed by PSL prosecutor Nande Becker. SunSport can reveal that Sirino’s judgment will be handed down on 27 November. “In the medical report Sundowns said he had a stress. They didn’t say if it was an ankle stress or mental stress, but they said it was stress,” explained Becker. Sirino was due to be appear before the DC on 11 November on two charges emanating from the MTN8 second leg semi-final derby against SuperSport United at the Lucas Moripe Stadium on 18 September. The charges are: On Friday, Cape Town City midfielder Makola was handed a six months ban after he was found guilty of assaulting match official, Abongile Tom and also bringing the league into disrepute. This happened in the Telkom Knockout Last-16 fixture between City and Kaizer Chiefs at Cape Town Stadium on the 19 October. Meanwhile, the PSL prosecutor is set to throw the book at five PSL coaches in the coming days Pitso Mosimane, Steve Komphela, Owen Da Gama, Benni McCarthy and Zlatko Krmpotic. Mosimane of Sundowns, Komphela of Golden Arrows, Highlands Park’s Da Gama, former Polokwane City’s Krmpotic and McCarthy former City coach. It is expected that they will all appear before DC before the end of the week, with their judgment set to be known before end of the month. “I’m busy working on the charges now. And obviously there’s a delay because you got to give them a certain period of time to admit or deny in the statement,” Becker explains. “Some of them have come back to me and some haven’t, so now we are in the position to carry on. Those who have not come back to me, and they admitted their offence, the charges will be pursued accordingly.” While others will get severe sentences, SunSport has learned that others might be fined.