WHEN Jumbo won Song of the Year at the Crown Gospel Music Awards on Sunday night, his supporters went into a frenzy. But no one was happier than his number one fan Unakho Seteni, who jumped onto the stage to congratulate him. The awards took place at the the Inkosi Albert Luthuli International Convention Centre in Durban, KZN. When Jumbo was announced the winner, Unakho from East London in Eastern Cape repeatedly screamed: “Iyoh Jumbo iyoh. Yi braai ngomso! (it’s a braai tomorrow). The excitement got so out of hand that people could barely hear Jumbo’s speech. Unakho told Daily Sun: “I meant to whisper in his ear and not the whole world is that we must have a braai tomorrow to celebrate his award. But I got carried away and ended up shouting. I wasn’t even aware I was loud.” Unakho said she’d been following Jumbo’s music for a long time. “When he got nominated I decided to vote as many times as possible. Our slogan was ‘Kupholiwe Akutatazelwa’, meaning we’re in no rush. When the voting lines opened on 21 October, I started voting. I only stopped on the day of the awards at 9pm.” She said she voted more than 4 000 times and she’d budgeted R600 every day to vote for the Engipha Amandla Okunqoba hitmaker. Jumbo, whose real name is Lwando Nyangiwe, ran a competition where he offered a VIP ticket and accommodation to the fan who voted the most for him. Unakho won but had to provide her own transport. She said she spent about R5 000 on the weekend. “When I got to Durban on Friday, I went to the streets and asked people to vote for him.” Since Sunday, social media has been buzzing with the #YiBraaiNgomso remark. “People have been tagging me asking for directions to the braai. Initially I was embarrassed, I even thought of shutting down all my social media accounts, but then I decided not to. In fact, I’m happy the whole country is celebrating our achievement.” Jumbo, who won the same award in 2017 for hit track Singenise, said: “I’d like to apologise to the organisers of the event as well as to all South Africans who felt offended by our celebrations. We got carried away.”