HIGHLANDS Park defender Marks Munyai is confident that through hard work his time to represent Bafana Bafana will come. The right-back was omitted in Molefi Ntseki’s Bafana side that will face Ghana in the Africa Nations Cup qualifier in Cape Point today. Said Munyai: “It’s every player’s dream to get a call-up in the national team. It’s not easy, but whenever you enter the pitch you need to work extra hard to become a better player. “If you play to impress national selectors then you put unnecessary pressure on yourself. That’s why I play my normal game and I have no doubt that if I continue to work hard I will eventually get a call up.” The former Black Leopards player reckons putting in a lot of work on his job, will pave his way to realise his long term dream of donning the Chelsea jersey one day. “I am a Chelsea fan, the English Premier League is one of the best in the world. I know it’s not easy for local players to go play in England, but we play with hope that it will happen one day to rub shoulders with top class players. The most important thing is to work hard, focus on your job then you will get recognition.” The 28-year-old hailed his teammates for being supportive since his arrival from Lidoda Duvha before the start of the season. “I feel at home here, the players, technical staff and management have been very supportive. If you don’t work hard at Highlands you won’t play, so I double my efforts at training to ensure I get the nod. I haven’t reached my best just yet, but I am satisfied with my contribution in the team so far.” Even though, Highlands have been struggling in the past three matches, Munyai says they are not pressing any panic button. “The coach (Owen da Gama) has told us to put the MTN8 final loss behind us and focus on the league and Nedbank Cup where we also want to reach the final and ensure we win this time. To be honest, I don’t believe in the notion that being involved in a cup competition derails progress in the league. The team has over 30 players which means everyone is fit enough to play. We didn’t have luck in games that we lost. But we will soon turn the corner.”