 All who
contributed in "perpetuating a toxic culture" at Kingswood College
should be held accountable, the institution's student body said in a statement
on Thursday. "Generations
of Kingswoodians to come should not have to fight this same battle, but instead
revel in the splendour of what the school is to become," it read. "We
cannot treat this as black versus white or pupils versus management. This is
Kingswood versus racism and any other discrimination." White
pupils at the posh Makhanda school were accused of referring to black pupils as
"snoobab" - baboons spelt backwards - and those from outside the
country were not spared from xenophobic slurs, City Press reported on Sunday. Pupils took
to social media with their allegations, charging that college management was
not dealing with their complaints. College
head Colleen Vassiliou told Eyewitness News the matter was receiving urgent
attention and disciplinary steps would be taken against those involved. In a
statement, the school said social media was not the platform to "deal with
these issues", although it "acknowledged the pain and hurt felt by
some members of our school, and by some of the broader Kingswood College
community". The school
urged pupils to "talk to us directly". The pupils,
in their statement on Thursday, said the institution was "currently
experiencing the term of our most hopeful management". "Although
it is not perfect, we are working closely together to ensure a way forward.
There are certainly some members of management, staff and pupils that need to
be more thoroughly educated on the topic of discrimination. "Workshops
are going to take place in this regard and stimulating, thought-provoking
conversations occurring around campus as a result of our current circumstances
have already enlightened some," it said "There
is already the prospect of change on campus. Upon our request, counselling
conducted by black psychologists has taken place, racial awareness workshops
for both the staff and pupils are underway, the chance for student leadership
to sit in on a meeting regarding the code of conduct next year is a strong
possibility, and pupils and staff who have said or done things of a
discriminatory nature are being reported immediately." More change
was to come, and Kingswood's "future is bright", the students said. "Generally,
the most meaningful change is the general awareness that is beginning to grow
in the pupils on campus. That is what is keeping us hopeful, the voice we have
found. Sometimes structures need to be deconstructed all the way down to their
foundations so they can be rebuilt with more stability. "We
deconstructed what was hurting us, and even at this moment, we are better than
we were two weeks ago." SOURCE:
NEWS24