MZANSI’S rising athlete Lythe Pillay’s dad might have decided to pull a fast one on his son. But the speedy runner says he’s learnt a lot from that experience. He jokingly said he has inherited the kind of speed his dad used when he ran away from his responsibilities. The 16-year-old is hailed as the next Wayde Van Niekerk because of his blistering pace in the 400m event. Pillay did extremely well at the SA Under-18 and U-20 Championships in Paarl, Western Cape, where he was crowned as the 400m boys’ champion. He also excelled at the Southern Region Under-18 and U-20 Championships, where he won a gold medal in 400m in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. Last week, the talented athlete walked away with the Junior Male Athlete of the Year at the Central Gauteng Athletics. The Grade 10 King Edwards College pupil revealed he never had a chance to meet his dad and doesn’t know his whereabouts. But he wishes his dad was around to see him succeed. Said a heartbroken Pillay: “My dad is absent in my life. What I’ve learnt from him is how to run away very fast from your responsibilities. “I have no idea where he is. I guess he ran away very fast when I was born and speed is the one thing I’ve inherited from him.” Earlier this year, Pillay’s promising career almost ended before it even took off. He opened up about the difficult year he and his mum have had to endure. He fell ill in July and couldn’t attend school and training. This caused him to fear for his athletics career as a part of him thought he would never get back on the track again. Said an overwhelmed Pillay: “I fell ill for a while and was scared my athletics career was over. “I didn’t run or go to school for two months. I missed a lot of schooling during that time. “And I cried a lot and feared the worst.” Pillay has also been named in the Olympic Games provisional squad for the 4x400m relay team by Athletics SA. The Games are scheduled to take place in Tokyo, Japan, next year. But what has kept the youngster going is the support of his family and his coach, who were there for him throughout his ordeal. Pillay relived his worst moments of this year, saying: “I went from a high season to being bedridden. “It wasn’t about getting back on the track anymore, but about being well again. My mum, friends and family were there stood beside me throughout.”