COACH Jozef Vukusic has completely changed the fortunes of AmaZulu, whom in September had not collected a single league win. On Wednesday, they got their third league win on the bounce after they defeated Stellenbosch FC 2-0 at Princess Magogo Stadium. It is a dream start for the Slovakia-born coach and also for the Durban-based side. When Vukusic took over two months ago, Usuthu were holding the last place of the log. They had not won in the first five league matches under former coach Cavin Johnson. However, under the former Polokwane City coach, things have quickly changed. In six games in charge now, he has won three, lost the other three. This has seen Usuthu jump to 12th on the log with 11 points from ten games. “Results are very important in football because the start of the season for the club was not good,” said Vukusic. “We have left that zone (bottom) now but we must work hard and continue on that note because if you don’t win games, you are back at the bottom. Of course, I’m delighted. But we must improve in our games because the league will not wait for us.” Once again Bongi Ntuli was at the heart of this win. The bulky striker scored both goals. He firstly netted from the penalty spot in the 14th minute before completing his brace in referee’s optional time. These goals took Ntuli’s league tally to seven, level with Kermit Erasmus and Peter Shalulile. Interestingly, the 28-year-old still remains the only player in AmaZulu side to have scored the goals this season. It is something Vukusic said it is “nice” for Ntuli but he hopes the goals are spread. “It is nice for him. We don’t mind him continuing like that,” said Vukusic. “But other players like Lehlohonolo Majoro, Siphesihle Maduna got opportunities, but scoring it is only him (Ntuli). I hope in the next games things will change.” Usuthu will host win-less and bottom side Chippa United at the same venue on Saturday (8.15pm). The Chilli Boys lost 2-0 to Kaizer Chiefs on Wednesday and they are the only club in the PSL who are yet to win a league match, thus far.