MAMELODI SUNDOWNS fixture congestion is starting to take its toll on the team. Games have been coming in thick and fast, and coach Pitso Mosimane and his charges are starting to feel the effect of a busy schedule. The Brazilians are in the Telkom Knockout semi-final, Caf Champions League group stages and they’re also chasing pacesetters Kaizer Chiefs in the Absa Premiership League. Midweek, the nine-times league champions were held to a goalless draw by second-from-bottom Baroka FC in Limpopo. This afternoon, Mosimane and his charges take another trip to KZN for the league showdown against Golden Arrows at the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium (3.30pm). This is the first of their back-to-back meetings, as the teams must face each other again in the cup competition after the Fifa International break on 23 November. Mosimane was at a loss trying to explain his side’s drop of points against Bakgaga in midweek. The outspoken former African Coach of the Year admitted that fatigue was starting to affect his charges. They crushed to 2-0 defeat to Chiefs, drew 0-0 at Baroka and were held to a 2-2 draw before going on to win the game on penalties against Chippa United in the cup game last week. There’s barely time to rest and recover from their hectic schedule as Arrows, are waiting. A tired-looking Mosimane said after the Baroka game: “Maybe the busy fixture programme is starting to get to us. “The players are tired. We always play against players who are better rested. “You could see the captain (Hlompho Kekana). But I can’t fault the effort of the team. They always play to win. The extra-time against Chippa took a lot out of us.” Mosimane understands the nature of his team’s unusual programme. He added: “We lost important members of the team Phakamani Mahlambi, Themba Zwane and Gaston Sirino through injury. “But we don’t have to panic. We’re still okay in the league, cup and Champions League. But you can’t win all the games.” Mosimane urged his charges to keep going and hope for the best. “We come from PE straight to Polokwane and are now going to Durban. It’s not easy, while others are resting and patiently waiting for us.”