THE former Kaizer Chiefs star is working very hard to redeem himself after life had taught him a bitter lesson... Khanye, who recently made an appearance on TV show "I blew it All", where he poured out his heart to millions of South Africans about how he messed up his career on girls, partying and fast cars, is making a comeback to diski behind the scenes. The Daveyton-born dribbling wizard recently started his apprenticeship as a coach in the ABC Motsepe League, the third tier of SA football.Khanye's efforts in turning his life around landed him a job at Ngwaabe City Motors, an amateur club in Jane Furse, Limpopo - where he is a player-coach.  "I am just working on my fitness. I want to revive my brand and use it in a positive way beyond football," said Khanye."The chairman of the club David Masha has played a huge role in my life. He used to follow me when I was still playing at Kaizer Chiefs.” "After his club was promoted from the SAB League to the Motsepe League, president Masha called me up to Polokwane. He then offered me the Head Coach job but I told him I am still 34 years and I still want to play. He then drafted a contract for me to be Player/Coach.""I have been staying at his house and he understands my background. I owe him so much for having faith in me when so many people had lost hope in me,” Khanye added. Khanye also does motivational talks in and around Jane Furse and Limpopo communities. "I go to schools and talk to the kids about life in the limelight and the dangers that come with it. I don't want our kids to suffer the same ways that we did. We did not have information and no one advised us about investing money and saving. It’s amazing because the kids are listening and that will boost them.”About retiring, Khanye said he was not even thinking about it." "Why would I retire when my fitness levels are coming back and improving? I will surprise a lot of people. I played with John “Shoes” Moshoeu who retired when he was 50 years old. Shoes inspired me and passed on advise of how to take care of my body," Khanye added.