 Not only do they taste really nice, but did you know that olives have a huge number of health benefits for you too? Here are some interesting olive health facts: - Olives eliminate excess cholesterol in the blood. - Olives control blood pressure. - Olives are a source of dietary fibre as an alternative to fruits and vegetables. - Olives are a great source of Vitamin E - Olives act as an antioxidant, protecting cells - Olives reduce the effects of degenerative diseases like Alzheimer's, benign and malignant tumours, including less serious varicose veins and cavities - Olives help prevent blood clots that could lead to a myocardial infarction or deep vein thrombosis (DVT) - Olives protect cell membranes against diseases like cancer - Olives are a great protection against anaemia - Olives enhances fertility and reproductive system - Olives play an important role in maintaining a healthy immune system, especially during oxidative stress and chronic viral diseases - And just in case these benefits weren’t enough, they are also a great aphrodisiac. - Olives are nutritious and rich in mineral content as sodium, potassium, magnesium, iron, phosphorus and iodine - Olives provide essential vitamins and amino acids. - Olives contain oleic acid, which has beneficial properties to protect the heart. - Olives contain polyphenols, a natural chemical that reduce oxidative stress in the brain. So by eating a daily serving of olives helps improve your memory by up to 25%. - Just one cup of olives is a great source of iron – 4.4mg. - Eating olives can improve the appearance of wrinkles by 20% since they contain oleic acid, which keeps skin soft and healthy. - By eating just 10 olives before a meal, you can reduce your appetite by up to 20%. This is because the monounsaturated fatty acids contained in olives slow down the digestion process and stimulate the hormone cholecystokinin, a hormone that sends messages of fullness to the brain. - Not only does it do that, but it also helps your body to stimulate the production of adiponectin, a chemical that burns fat for up to five hours after ingestion. For more information, visit the SA Olive Industry Association's website or their Facebook page.