  Spar Proteas gave the England Roses a run for their money as they went down 63-58 in the first of their three match test series at Velodrome, Belville in Cape Town last night.  England were made to sweat for the victory. The game ended in dramatic 51-51 draw after four quarters, but the visitors went on to claim the victory in 15 minutes of extra-time. The England Roses took a 1-0 lead in the series. The two teams will meet again at the same venue for the second match tomorrow at 1pm and for the last match on Sunday at 11am. Proteas captain Bongiwe Msomi will attempt to level the series tomorrow and they will draw some heart from their courageous performance in the opening match.The five point difference between the two teams was not the true reflection of the game as the Proteas fought hard in extra-time.  The home side gave it their all, but at the end of the night, it was the Roses that walked away with the win.The Proteas and the Vitality Roses were meeting for the third time this year. The English team defeated the Proteas twice in the International Netball Federation (INF) World Cup on home soil during a pool match and in the third and fourth place play-off match in Liverpool. The Roses have now beaten the Proteas three times this year and need just one victory to win the series.The Proteas tasted victory during their Quad Series victory at the beginning of the year. The arena was packed to capacity with the crowd creating an electric atmosphere. It was a new era for the Proteas as new coach Dorrette Badenhorst and her assistant Dumisani Chauke, replaced Australian world cup winning veteran Norma Plummer. But their first real test against one of the netball powerhouse ended in a heartbreaking defeat in front of a sold-out crowd.Mzansi will host the 2023 World Cup spectacle in the Mother City and the technical team, are using matches of this caliber to prepare for the biggest showpiece on the continent.  The Proteas led the first quarter 15-12 with goal shooter Lenize Potgieter contributing to all the points. It was a knife on edge stuff as the crowd were kept on the edge of their feet throughout.   Despite making several changes to the team that won 58-47 in the preliminary stages and 58-42 in the bronze match at the world cup in July, England gave the hosts a tough time. The second quarter was a tight affair as the English Roses defense did not leak in goal as they did in the opening quarter. They raised their game and wrestled control of the game. The Roses were pulling away as they enjoyed a five goal-lead (28-23) at half-time.The Proteas came into this test having won the Africa Netball cup on home soil last month, but they were given a stern test against the Roses.  The English Roses were trailing in the first quarter but showed clawed their way back into the contest.The Proteas know that they have to beat the big teams if they are to go all the way in the World cup in four years’ time. But After receiving the words of wisdom from the coaches during the half-time break, the Proteas took charge of the third quarter as they took a 40-39 lead. Potgieter and Renske Stoltz were superb for the hosts scoring the vital goals in an improved third quarter.The fourth quarter ended in a dramatic 51-51 draw and the game went into extra-time. An additional 15 minutes was added to determine the winner of the first match. But they were some tired legs out there as experience and big match temperament did it for the world cup bronze medalists.    