FOR five days, taps in the kasis of Sebokeng and Evaton in the Vaal, south of Jozi were dry. As the heat wave hit Mzansi, gogos and madalas had to carry heavy buckets and push wheelbarrows across surrounding kasis in search of water. But for one family in central Evaton, the shortage of water meant they could not put out a raging fire that ate their five-room shack. The fire on Wednesday burnt all the family’s belongings to ashes The Pheko family and many others in Evaton had been without water since Sunday. Mamusa Pheko told the Peoples Paper that there was a power cut earlier on Wednesday and when electricity returned, her sister’s shack suddenly caught fire. The 59-year-old said she had just arrived home from work when a neighbour in the yard came running to tell her that the shack was on fire. “Yesterday when I got home from, some local guy came to the house and told that my sister’s shack was burning. I went out and screamed for help,” she said. “We took soil to put out the fires, but it never helped because the fire was too much. We then called fire fighters who came after 15 minutes and tried to help. Just as the firs was about to be stopped, they left and told us that their truck didn’t have enough water and they’re going to seek for water in the neighbouring kasis which have water,” she added. Mamusa said it’s almost a week without water and it was the first time they had no water that long. “Normally we can without water, but in the evening water comes back. We didn’t get any announcement or reports from the mediums that there won’t be water. The municipality didn’t communicate anything with the residents,” she said. “It would have been better if there was water, because we would have saved some of the belongings,” she said. Eyewitness Eleanor Okker (49) said she was sleeping when she heard screams from the other neighbours. “I was sleeping when I heard one of my neighbours screaming as she has just arrived from work. She screamed her sister’s house is burning down. I was the second person who arrived at the scene to help put out fires,” she said.  