Singer and Songstress, Lady Zamar recently hit one million followers on Instagram and she couldn’t be happier. READ: IS LADY ZAMAR MARRIED OR NOT? The Collide hitmaker’s is fairly new to the music scene, but as soon as she entered, she hit the ground running with her angelic voice and catchy songs. Her debut album, King Zamar was also certified gold just a few weeks after its release. READ: LADY ZAMAR NAMED ALDO AMBASSADOR Taking to Instagram to celebrate reaching a million followers, she thanked her supporters for always having her back. “1 MILLION FOLLOWERS... Thaank you guys for being such amazing soldiers.. Zamartians have made my life so amazing from day one.. you guys are steady about the love and support.. man I see you guys.. I’m in awe of this small but massive thing.. Can’t wait for world domination coz yep I know it’s possible.. Love you guys so much and THAAANK YOU THANK YOU THAAANK YOU.." She wrote in part. Zamar, recently shared a live rendition of her single Donatella and she explained her inspiration behind the song. "It is basically a song about the pleasure and fire of momentary passion or a person who offers this typa love " 1 MILLION FOLLOWERS... Thaank you guys for being such amazing soldiers.. Zamartians have made my life so amazing from day one.. you guys are steady about the love and support.. man I see you guys.. I’m in awe of this small but massive thing.. Can’t wait for world domination coz yep I know it’s possible.. Love you guys so much and THAAANK YOU THANK YOU THAAANK YOU.. #GodisGood ♥? . ?? : @_emmy.photography ?? : @makeupby_missnck A post shared by  MONARCH???? (@lady_zamar) on Nov 24, 2019 at 1:31am PST Donatella is a song on Monarch, Lady Zamar’s second solo album. https://LadyZamar.lnk.to/MONARCH It is basically a song about the pleasure and fire of momentary passion or a person who offers this typa love and you become addicted to it. It’s a love that burns. A type of Cinderella story?? Donatella is the fashion type, the here now gone tomorrow forever memorable. ??The African Superstar?? A post shared by  MONARCH???? (@lady_zamar) on Nov 24, 2019 at 7:02am PST 