BAROKA FC players high-fived each other after they held Mamelodi Sundowns to a goalless draw at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Wednesday night. But a draw at home is not an ideal result, not when you are second from bottom on the log. Bakgaga are on nine points, having won only two matches this season. They have vowed to play for Wedson Nyirenda and possibly save him potential dismissal.But these are not the kind of results to achieve their goal. Yes, against the star-studded Sundowns, Bakgaga were always going to be the underdogs, even at home. But they could certainly do better than have a defender, Danwin Farmer take home the man of the match award. It looked as though the Knockout Cup took a lot out of the Sundowns players, their lack of fluidity evident in how they failed to connect in attack. Maboe made it back to the starting line-up, but looked like a man had just had a taxing shift in a mine shaft. The attacker has been a shadow of the man who took to his Downs career like a duck to water when he arrived from Maritzburg United last season. Ali Meza hasn't replicated the performance he put out against Kaizer Chiefs two weeks ago. He summarily came out for Mauricio Affonso early in the second half.On the other hand, Baroka couldn't make use of the few chances they created, looking like a visiting team. They had a full week and a half to recover having played their last league match on 27 October against AmaZulu at home. Prince Nxumalo had a low-key debut for Bakgaga while Gerald Phiri and Richard Mbulu couldn't offer him adequate support. Elvis Chipezeze would have felt he did enough to keep his side in the game and earn the point.But in truth, the draw was largely due to the Brazilians' poor finishing. With Kaizer Chiefs winning against Chippa United, Sundowns didn't need this kind of result. Amakhosi now lead the pack with seven points, albeit with a game more on Sundowns.In the end, Downs coach Pitso Mosimane shook his head, clearly in disbelief.He will have to read the riot act to his players, lest Amakhosi widen the gap. 