THE honeymoon is truly over for Molefi Ntseki. Now it is crunch time for the Bafana Bafana coach as the harsh realities of being in charge of the unpredictable SA senior national team starts to bite. Like a fresher student facing a university initiation, Ntseki faces his acid test at Cape Coast Stadium in far away Ghana on Thursday (7pm). His task couldn’t be any harder than tackling the Black Stars in their opening 2021 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier. Forget the 2-1 Nelson Mandela Challenge win over Mali. This is the real thing. “This is a tough one,” said Ntseki. “Playing Ghana away in Ghana is no easy task. But if you look at the Bafana history, we’ve been doing very well when we play away. We’ve got players who can carry out our tactical plan to the letter so we get maximum points. “We have a point as of now. We are looking to protect that point. If things go well for us, we will get two more points and go home with maximum points. That will make me happy. Our chances of qualifying will be enhanced if we get a win against Ghana.” Preparations have not been ideal, with time constraints limiting training sessions. The conditions at the fishing port also messed up with Ntseki’s planned night session, but the team managed to complete their technical session yesterday afternoon. “Time will never be enough. But we can’t complain much. We are not home,” he said. “However, we must have the confidence, belief and faith in ourselves to say ‘despite all the challenges we’ll get maximum results’. Most of the Ghana players are based overseas. They are not used to the conditions as well. The heat will be a factor for both teams.” A clean bill of health means Ntseki has all his troops, the likes of Percy Tau, Kamohelo Mokotjo, Kermit Erasmus and Lebo Mothiba available for selection. This match will be 13th clash between the two nations, Yet it remains to be seen how well Bafana fare under the deluge of Ghanaian supporters in Cape Coast. The Ghana FA under new head, Kurt Okraku, will be launching the passion-igniting campaign tagged ‘#Bring Back The Love’ to coincide with Black Stars’ Afcon opener. One can only imagine the electric atmosphere.