Kylian Mbappe instigated a dramatic Champions League comeback on Tuesday as Paris Saint-Germain scored twice in two minutes to rescue a 2-2 draw against Real Madrid and secure first place in Group A. Madrid dominated the majority of a pulsating contest at the Santiago Bernabeu and looked to have sewn up an impressive victory when Karim Benzema scored his second goal in the 79th minute. But PSG pulled off an unlikely turnaround as Mbappe capitalised on a defensive mix-up to pull one back in the 81st minute before Pablo Sarabia, once of Real, drove into the top corner second later. "Real were better for long periods," said PSG coach Thomas Tuchel. "We were lucky but that's not a crime." Gareth Bale, who came on as a substitute to a mixed reception from the home fans, almost won it in injury-time when his bending free-kick struck the post. The draw means PSG will go through as group winners while Madrid are guaranteed to finish second after Club Brugge drew 1-1 at Galatasaray in the early kick-off. Madrid's late capitulation tarnished an excellent display that highlighted their transformation since the 3-0 thrashing at the Parc des Princes in September. "It was a great performance," said Zinedine Zidane. "The players are not happy with the result but you have to be happy with what we have done for 80 minutes. I'd take that performance all day long." There was also the worrying sight of Eden Hazard hobbling off with what looked like an ankle injury in the second half, with the Clasico against Barcelona only three weeks away. "It's more than just a knock but I hope the twist is a minor one," said Zidane. Neymar was also left on the bench by Tuchel despite recovering from a hamstring injury, only to be brought on at half-time. It was his dummy that led to Sarabia's equaliser. "I didn't want to risk him," said Tuchel. "I prefered to be sure he could finish the match." Zidane's press conference on Monday became another ode to Mbappe, who will reportedly be Madrid's number one target next summer.