The Cancer Association of South
Africa (CANSA) has stated that skin cancer is the most common cancer in South
Africa and, frighteningly, we have the second highest reported incidence in the
world. In addition, there is a common, dangerous misconception that people with
darker skin do not get skin cancer and that a dark skin is a natural SPF. “Ethnic consumers, or consumers
with darker skin tones, tend not to burn as much as lighter skin tones due to
an increased melanin in their skin. There is, however, a myth or belief that
because of this, they are not at risk from the harsh damaging effects of the
sun. As a result, ethnic consumers don’t use sun protection as often as they
should,” says Everysun brand manager Nikki Flanagan. “The truth is that skin
cancer (and sun damage to skin) does affect people of all skin tones and is
often more difficult to diagnose in the early stages in darker skin tones which
sometimes leads to more severe cases.” Flanagan says the key is to
protect the skin against UVA and UVB rays which are the harmful rays causing
cancer. The new Everysun Everyday Moisturising Lotion has SPF 20 which protects
against these harmful rays, while at the same time provides 24-hour hydration,
leaving the skin smooth with an even-tone. Flanagan says that many
sunscreens contain ingredients that only block UVB rays, therefore providing
insufficient protection against harmful UVA radiation.  “UVB radiation is
the main cause of sunburn and skin cancer. UVA rays, on the other hand,
penetrate more deeply into the skin and were once thought to only cause skin
ageing and wrinkling. However, recent research has confirmed that UVA rays also
play a significant role in the development of skin cancer.” “In our research we’ve found that
the hesitation, and negative connotations towards sunscreen, within the ethnic
consumer market comes from the fact that many sunscreens on the market leave an
unattractive white residue on the skin.” Everysun’s new Everyday Moisturising
Lotion is specifically formulated to absorb easily into the skin without
leaving any white residue. Flanagan says that skin cancer is
preventable; we just need to learn to respect the sun more.  “We are now
offering a solution to our consumers that fits into their daily skin care
regime as protecting your skin from the sun should be a natural inclusion in
your daily regime. Everysun Everyday Moisturising Lotion SPF 20, in Aloe Vera
and Cocoa Butter, is available at all leading retailers from R49.99.