THE top two Idols SA season 15 contestants are one step closer to living the dream. But only one will shine over the other. Luyolo and Sneziey were announced as the top two finalists at the live show in State Theatre on Sunday. Unfortunately Micayla left the show with tears after being eliminated.  Opening the show, were the top 10 Idols Mangaliso, Dinky, Innocentia, Nolo and Nqobile. The top three idols performed their singles for the first time on stage, and their songs areavailable for download. Micayla impressed the judges with her new song titled ‘Tragic’ before leaving the show. Sneziey took the audience to church with her new single called ‘Kungumusa’ and then performed Chaka’s ‘Through the Fire’ and ‘Pakisha’ by Dladla Mshunqisi and Major Lazer. Randell said he loved Sneziey’s new song. “The beginning of the song was impressive. That was a fantastic performance,” he said. Unathi said Sneziey has a powerful voice.  “To recognize where your power lies is important. You were brought here on earth to give us your voice and we are glad you didn’t give up. “Enjoy this moment…celebrate it, you’ve done everything,” she said. Somizi said her song is a hit. “If you don’t win this competition you’ve already won a career with this song,” he said. Luyolo received a standing ovation with his song ‘Sunshine through the rain’ and he also performed Brian Themba’s Zanele and Sjava’s Abangani. Randell said he made the competition look easy. WAR OVER IDOLS TWINS “You have such a natural pop voice and not trying too hard. I think you have every chance to win this competition. “There were lots of stars in the beginning and they disappeared but you have been consistent and you deserve to be in this spot,” he said. Unathi said his journey has been what the new song said. “No one has ever questioned your spot in the top 10 stop because you are amazing. “This song is perfectly you,” she said.  Somizi said the first song was amazing but his calling is ‘Isintu’. “Do what Musa did and you will be the biggest Afro pop artist. “I am proud of you. I remember you nearly didn’t make it to the second week of theatre week and it wasn’t easy but you made it anyway,” he said. The audience were entertained with the popular AMA Uber song performed by Semi T, Miano and Kammu Dee.