HAVING tasted sweet success in the Nedbank Cup last season, TS Galaxy are hungry for more. The Mpumalanga outfit, who made a name for themselves when they stunned giants Kaizer Chiefs to clinch the Ke Yona Cup, are determined to defend their title, but first starting with the tournament qualifiers kicking off in February next year. “Once the bee tastes the honey, it never wants to move away from it,” said Galaxy general manager Luxolo Matikinca at the GladAfrica Championship Nedbank Cup qualification draw in Parktown, Joburg yesterday. “We have tasted the success of the Nedbank Cup. Our players know exactly what it takes to achieve such things and the rewards that come with it. “As you might know, it was well publicised that the chairman Tim Sukazi was generous enough to give the players and the technical team half of the prize money, which was about R3,5 million, to share. “That’s the kind of money other teams in this division have not been exposed to. And again, there are teams that have been in the PSL for a long time and never won a single trophy. If we are united and stand together, there is no reason why we can’t win it again. “The belief is there and the core of the team that won the tournament last season are still the same.” The Rockets will host Cape Umoya United as they look to earn a spot in the round of 32 of the Ke Yona Cup. Meanwhile, hoping to take a leaf out of The Rockets’ book this season are JDR Stars who have taken the Championship by storm. The Hammer Boys, as they are affectionately known, are second on the log standings and would like to add a good cup run on what has been a remarkable debut season in the second division of Mzansi football. They travel to Mpumalanga to face Mbombela United, a team they have already beaten 3-1 in the league, for a place in the next round. “Of course, it would be great if we could manage to go very far in this competition to go along with our good form in the league,” said Stars’ owner and coach Nditsheni Nemasisi. “If we can get promotion and still do well in the cup then as a coach I would be really satisfied. I think my CV as a coach would get better. “We are looking forward to testing ourselves in this competition.”