VETERAN Highlands Park midfielder Reneilwe “Yeye” Letsholonyane says playing as a unit and sticking to the game plan will help them return to winning ways. The havehave been inconsistent in the past three weeks which also worries club boss Brad Kaftel and coach Owen Da Gama. They lost 1-0 to Maritzburg United in the Telkom Knockout first round, lost 3-1 to Bloemfontein Celtic and drew goalless with Stellenbosch in the Absa Premiership. Said Letsholonyane: “It wasn’t the best three weeks we were hoping for as a team. We are a hard working team and some games we lost in the last few minutes due to a lack of concentration. At the end of day we dropped points that we were not supposed to, and yes it’s a concern” He added: “I don’t doubt the ability of this team. They have shown that they are a team that works hard and willing to learn. We’ve been in one cup final (MTN8) and it’s not a fluke. “We need to stay as a unit, do things that will make the team better. Stick to the game plan and things that makes the team win games. As players we need to learn from past mistakes and improve the team.” The 37-year-old is grateful that Highlands management and technical staff have given him a chance to continue with his career. This was after his contract was not renewed by SuperSport United when it expired in June. “I feel good, I am happy that I am back in the Premier League. I am grateful to Highlands Park management and technical team for giving me this opportunity to represent this brand. We are helping each other to be better players. It’s not about me that I will come here and teach them. I think for the brand to grow all of us need to learn, be open minded and be willing to take information from the next person,” The former Kaizer Chiefs star says they have a strong team capable of winning trophies. “I wouldn’t put a time frame on winning of a trophy. The coach says the plan (to win the league) is between three to five years to build a solid team that will compete for everything. Obviously a lot can happen within that period. But the plan should unfold during the second and third going into the fifth year.”