SA Under-23 national coach David Notoane has received a welcome boost ahead of his side’s second U-23 Africa Cup of Nations in Egypt. Young Bafana lock horns with the Ivory Coast at the Al Salam Stadium tomorrow (5pm) hoping to register their first win of the tournament. And Notoane will have some of his key players available for the match after they were finally released by their teams to join up with the squad. The likes of SuperSport United duo Teboho Mokoena and Sipho Mbule as well as foreign-based Lyle Foster and Luther Singh joined Notoane’s camp yesterday. Notoane, who was forced to work with a depleted squad in their goalless draw against Zambia on Saturday, believes his side will be much stronger with the arrival of the above players. “We have welcomed Teboho Mokoena and Sipho Mbule into the squad as per arrangement with SuperSport United,” said Notoane. “We are happy with that because it means the quality of players available for selection also increases. That should give us better permutations going into the next match against Ivory Coast. “We are expecting Lyle (Foster) and Luther (Singh) to arrive later tonight (yesterday), it means we will be at full strength in terms of selection come Tuesday and we will carry the momentum from our last match.” The 50-year-old Notoane is looking to qualify Mzansi for the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan. He will have to steer Young Bafana to a top three finish at the ongoing Afcon to earn a berth as one of Africa’s representatives at the Olympics. But having drawn their opening match against Cosafa mates Zambia, their remaining two group matches against West African giants Ivory Coast and Nigeria become even more crucial. Notoane, though, is confident that his side has what it takes to produce the goods and secure their passage to the semi-finals of the tournament. “We got to watch our other two competitors in the group, we know what to expect,” added Notoane. “Ivory Coast are not your typical physical team that play direct football. They keep the ball on the ground and are a good ball playing team. “I really look forward to the game, especially as we will have the full complement of our players available. We know that three points is a must to ensure that we put one foot in the semi-final. I’m sure it will be a competitive game again.”