SOUTH Africans of all colour and from all walks of life are again expected to converge at the Union Building in Tshwane to commemorate the life of former statesman Nelson Mandela. This assembly will see tens of thousands of Mzansi social and professional runners take part in the annual Mandela Remembrance Walk & Run scheduled for Sunday, 8 December. The race will start and finish at the Union Buildings this year, with a 21,1km distance for professional athletes who annually use the race to conclude their yearly running calendar. There are the 10km and 5km distances for casual walkers and runners respectively, who would be out to enjoy the Tshwane sun, as well as to show respect to the world icon who died on 5 December 2013. Even though nothing has been confirmed yet, it is expected that last year’s winners Philani Buthelezi, who was first in the men’s category and the women’s champion Mamorallo Tjoka from Lesotho, will be back to defend their respective titles. Desmond Mokgobu and Zimbabwean Rutendo Nyahora are expected back in the 10km distance to increase competition. Last year’s half marathon attracted some top runners in Stephen Mokoka and, former Comrades Marathon winners, Charne Bosman and Ludwick Mamabolo. Others to participate in the various events last year included US Open wheelchair tennis semi-finalist, Kgothatso Montjane as well as football legends – Shaun Bartlett, Kalusha Bwalya and Jabulani Mendu. The two running categories will have the winners’ prize cheque of R5 000 in each age groups, both male and women’s categories. In a statement, Gauteng MEC for Sport, Arts and Culture Mbali Hlophe, said they will, in the next 20 years, reaffirm “the reason and purpose given to us by our founder to promote and develop the cause of peace, human rights and democracy.” She said: “Madiba’s legacy was that of a society that is united in the quest for non-racialism, social justice, human equality, peace and prosperity for all. “We will again be doing the Remembrance Walk and Run to honour his commitment. The Walk and Run continues to grow from strength to strength each year. “We urge Gauteng people to come out in numbers and be part of this very special event. “We encourage people of Gauteng to exercise and live a healthy lifestyle.” Nelson Mandela Foundation CEO Sello Hatang said their new strategy is to show a commitment to South Africans and the world that the foundation continues the work of Nelson Mandela to contribute to a just and equitable society. “This year, the foundation launched its new strategy – Broadening Impact by Reaching Deeper. “There is no better event than the Mandela Remembrance Walk and Run to showcase South Africans of all walks of life coming together to tangibly illustrate the diverse society we all strive for. “We look forward to welcoming all participants to this very special event.” Entry fee for the race, with all proceeds donated to the foundation to continue with the work the foundation does to preserve and promote Madiba’s legacy, is R50 for the 5km walk, R100 for the 10km Run and R150 for the 21,1km run.