SOUTH African rapper Refiloe Maele Phoolo better known
as Cassper Nyovest is excited about the 5th FillUp concert been held in his
home. Nyovest said at a press conference held last Thursday
afternoon at Royal Marang Hotel near Rustenburg,North West
"FillUpRoyalBafokeng is his favourite, mainly because finally we are
bringing the Dome experience dome. The"Remote Control"rapper announced in August
that he would be taking his Fill Up concert to his home of the North West
province in Rustenburg at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium. Although it might seem that it has been easy to pull
through over the years since FillUpTheDome, Nyovest said that the journey
hasn't been an easy one. "For me it’s about 'how many kids am I going to
inspire?'. There are people who inspired me like Kanye West, HHP, those are the
people who made sacrifices for their own lives and their story has inspired me
to make something of myself," he said. "You know there's kids in Zeerust who'll never
see a production like this because they can't afford to come to The Dome but we
want take it to the people." "I can't wait to see what FillUpRoyalBafokeng
will do to young kids in villages around North West. The experience is
something powerful." "We also excepting people around the country and
nearing countries like Botswana and Zimbabwe” Nyovest finally sponsors for Fill up Royal Bafokeng
and its South Korean electronics manufacturer Samsung. He also partnered with Shot Left North West,
Department of Culture, Arts and Traditional Affairs and Royal Marang Hotel. He said that Fill up the Dome was a stepping stone to
a bigger dream and the previous fill Up concerns are prove that you can achieve
anything you set your mind too. Everyone who follows Cassper knows that he is big on
new talent.  Local talents will definitely be recognised. Local artists
from Rustenburg were requested to tweet their song or performance. Therefore
two DJs and two artists will be chosen to perform at the concert. "I want to empower local talents and give them a
platform to shine. There is no use in giving a platform to only big
artists." "Fill Up Royal Bafokeng" is set to take
place on December 15, with tickets on sale at webtickets.They range from R100
to R400.