GOLDEN Arrows head coach Steve Komphela says he does not hold any grudges against his Black Leopards counterpart Luc Eymael. Three months ago, Komphela appealed to the Absa Premiership clubs not to hire Eymael ever again as he says the Belgium born mentor does not respect local coaches. But Lidoda Duvha chairman David Thidiela hired the former Free State Stars coach to succeed Lionel Soccoia. “I don’t hold grudges in life. I have moved on with my life,” said the Arrows head coach ahead of their Absa Premiership clash with Leopards at Thohoyandou Stadium on Saturday (6pm). “I am just going there with my eyes wide and ears open to see everything.” This is going to be the first time Komphela faces Eymael following Komphela’s fierce outburst against the Belgian coach and it is remains to be seen if the two coaches will shake hands before and after the match. Meanwhile, high-flying Arrows are coming into this showdown full of confidence after they went four straight league matches without defeat, winning three and drawing one. They scored a 1-0 away win over struggling Baroka on Wednesday. Arrows are currently fourth on the log with 20 points from 12 league games. And Komphela believes his outfit can challenge for the PSL title if they can keep up this current form. But Abafana Bes’thende are 11 points behind leaders Kaizer Chiefs. “If the chance to catch up with Chiefs opens up we will take it,” said the former Amakhosi and Maritzburg United coach. “We are not afraid to challenge for the title. All we have to do is to fight to win all our matches and maintain consistency.” Leopards come into this clash on a low following their 3-0 defeat by bottom side Chippa United on Wednesday at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium. Komphela said the warm conditions expected would not be a factor: “We are not afraid of the heat in Venda. "We are expecting a tough Leopards side at home. I am sure they will be different side compared to the one that lost to Chippa. But we are looking forward to this clash and we are positive of getting a good result.”