AFTER weeks in exam rooms, matrics across the country finally finished today.  -  At Seshigo Secondary School in Moletjie, outside Polokwane in Limpopo, Darren Chueu (20) said he was confident he would pass. “It was all about how you prepared for the papers and I am happy I made it to the last one, which I wrote well,” he said.  Patience Molafo (19) said the exams went well and she received a lot of support from her teachers and parents. Queen Ubisi (18) said English paper three made her day because every question was easy. More Chueu (18) said: “I have no doubts I will pass this paper because I had enough time.” -  Pupils at Tswaidi High School in Ledig, outside Rustenburg in North West, said English paper three helped them end their exams on a high note. READ: CASSPER NYOVEST "REACTS" TO DJ FRESH CALLING HIM UNPROFESSIONAL! Nombuso Mthethwa (23) said it was easy while classmate, Rose Malindi (20) said she believed she would get over 80%. Lungile Nzima (17) said her last exam was the best while Joseph Maduna (19) said he was aiming for a level 7 pass.  Smiling from ear to ear, Sindi Maseko (18) said: “It was basically general knowledge for me and it was great.” -  Matrics at Nqabakazulu Comprehensive School in KwaMashu, north of Durban, said they had been waiting for this day for 12 years. Theo Gcwensa (19) said: “I am ready to face the world. I am hopeful that I am going to succeed in life.” He said he had applied to study drama at three universities and had already been accepted by two. Mpendulo Nkwanyana (20) said he was a bit nervous because he was entering the adult world. Some pupils were seen being turned away from a local bottle store as they tried to buy alcohol to celebrate. Many said they would be partying for the whole week. -  Gauteng education department spokesman, Steve Mabona encouraged pupils to donate their uniforms to younger pupils instead of tearing them up and to stay away from alcohol.   “Party responsibly knowing this is not the end of the world. There’s still a future ahead,” he said. Despite the department’s warning, matrics in Soshanguve, Tshwane, gathered at Block KK Park where DJs played music and they tore up their uniforms. Thembani Mokoena (17) said: “It makes me proud that I haven’t repeated a grade and have made my family proud. I will be studying law. I don’t drink alcohol. I am just here to have fun.” Matsie Mosali (18) said she didn’t ever want to go back to school and would look for a job next year. In nearby Stinkwater, pupils at Bokamoso Secondary School were warned about the danger of drugs. Constable Herman Moremi of Temba Police Station warned the kids that alcohol and drugs would ruin their lives. Pupil Bella Mokau (20) said she was happy to be at school and not at a pens down event. “It shows how much our teachers and police officers care about us,” she said.