The community has a very big role to play in order to stop domestic abuse on women and children. Neighbours should always look out for each other and report any form of abuse they see happening. Government alone cannot win the war against this scourge if people keep quiet.  These were the words of the MEC for department of community safety, Gabisile Shabalala during the launch of the 16 Days of Activism for no Violence against women and children held at Mandela Village near Kwamhlanga on Thursday. She said women and children must feel safe in their own homes and community as a whole. "There are many forms of abuse against women and children apart from physical. In our society men must support, protect and love their families. A wise man sits down his wife and talk about any problem in peace. Fighting in front of the children is another form of abuse to them. Women are the mirror of their families in the society," she said. "Cheating in a marriage is another big cause of domestic violence as respect for each other is compromised. Women too must also respect their husbands. Rape and murder cases can decrease because of CPF, Chiefs and the community when working together. Young girls must be encouraged to take education very serious in order to have a better future," she said. MEC for social development Thandi Shongwe said women and children should not only be protected during the 16 days but all year round. "This period should turn into 365 days where men should protect their wives and children all year round," she said. Police Commissioner Lieutenant General Mondli Zuma said the police are working around the clock to arrest perpetrators and many campaigns are being done in communities to create awareness. Chief William Mahlangu from the Fene Tribal Authority said it hurts for kids to be killed at a very young age. He said if they die young no one will bury old people. "Culturally men are protective. As people we have lost respect which forms part of humanity. We must also look at the real cause for violence and try to stop it", he said.MEC Gabisile Shabalala was accompanied by MEC for education Bonakele Majuba and Thembisile Hani Mayor Nomsa Mtsweni.  