PREMIERSHIP rookies Stellenbosch FC are sharpening themselves for another killer act. Steve Barker’s charges stunned Soweto giants Orlando Pirates 1-0 at the Cape Town Stadium last month. The Fifa international break has come at the right time for Barker and his troops. It has given them enough time to plot the downfall of the high-riding Kaizer Chiefs. Barker, a former head coach at University of Pretoria and AmaZulu, said his newly-promoted outfit are already dreaming of completing a double of also defeating the other Soweto giants in a short space of time. After the break, the MotherCity-based outfit will play against Chiefs and SuperSport United in the same week. Barker and his charges look forward to the two big matches – on 27 November at home and in Pretoria on 30 November. Barker’s side head to these two matches high on confidence. “It’s a nice time to take a break from the action. Some players are still recovering from niggles. “We’re working on ways to end Amakhosi’s winning run. They’ve won their past six matches and are on a roll. “Chiefs are playing well and appear to be running away with the league title. But we have a nasty surprise awaiting them in the Mother City.” Stellies and Amakhosi will be meeting for the second time since Amakhosi defeated Barker’s men 1-0 in the Nedbank Cup round of 32 at the Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban last year. Barker is aware of the task that awaits his team in Cape Town. “It’s a big task, there’s no doubt about it,” he said. “At the same time, playing Chiefs and SuperSport in the same week is exciting. We’re unbeaten at home in four matches. We’ve played three draws and won once.” The book markers had tipped Barker among the first coaches to get the boot at the start of the season, but surprisingly he’s still standing after 11 matches. Stellies occupy 14th place with eleven points from the same number of matches. Barker’s haters will eat humble. as he will complete the season still in charge of the team. Said Barker: “To think that I’ll be fired is nonsense. I’m here for the long-term. I’ve signed a five-year contract. We have a vision to follow here and I’m part of that vision. I’m not looking over my shoulder.”