THE meeting between Seshego residents and Polokwane mayor Thembi Nkadimeng was almost disrupted. They accused each other of being sell-outs during the incident at Ngoako Ramatlhodi Sports Complex in Seshego, outside Polokwane, on Monday. Apparently, there was an agreement that residents wouldn’t play ball. They were unhappy with the rates billing system, which they said was flawed. Those who tried to be reasonable angered the other faction. Last month, they marched to the municipality but refused to hand over their memorandum of grievances after hearing Nkadimeng was not available. Speaker Mariri Ralefatane had to calm the situation at Monday’s meeting and warned them to behave. “Let everyone who has grievances raise them. Don’t jeer. We can’t allow a situation where others are being called names,” said Ralefatane. Joseph Sabela (53) accused the municipality of stealing from the poor through a flawed billing system. He said they won’t accept prepaid meters until all debt was written off. “You’re billing us wrongly using guesswork because you want to pay your debt to Eskom and Lepelle Northern Water. “You threaten us by disconnecting our houses, forcing us to pay. “We can’t applaud anything from you because you make us suffer.” Nkadimeng rubbished his claims, saying she’d been Polokwane mayor for five years and that there’d never been any investigation into wrongdoing. “Stop saying things you don’t understand. The municipality doesn’t owe anyone, not Eskom nor Lepelle Northern Water,” said Nkadimeng. “We understand the challenges you’re facing, but we need to understand each other on service delivery issues. “Some of you are complaining about Eskom hikes, but you must know that we’re not responsible. “We just implement the rule taken by Eskom in agreement with National Treasury,” she said. Provincial Eskom manager Dikgabane Rampedi said residents must learn to use electricity carefully. Rampedi also urged residents to allow the municipality to install prepaid meters. He said elders must speak to their kids so electricity they buy isn’t misused.