KAIZER Chiefs will be brought down to earth! So is the belief of Bloemfontein Celtic midfielder Lantshene Phalane. The 29-year-old from Zebediela in Limpopo said the 10 points gap between Amakhosi and second-placed Mamelodi Sundowns can easily be narrowed down. He reckons the second round of the Absa Premiership, which will start straight into the new year on 3 January next year, will be tough for the Soweto giants to continue with their winning streak. Amakhosi lead the pack on 28 points from 11 matches, but the Brazilians still have a game in hand. Celtic will battle it out with Chiefs in a league clash at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium on 7 December. Said Phalane: “Chiefs have stretched the gap and are on the right track towards winning the title. But they can come down. We can stop this moving train and show other teams that they can also beat them. I know that a lot of teams show them too much respect on the pitch, and this has to stop.” The defensive midfielder said Phunya Sele Sele are slowly improving following their early exit from the Telkom Knockout where they lost 1-0 to Chippa United on 22 October. Siwelele drew 1-1 with SuperSport United, beat Highlands Park 3-1 and drew 2-2 with Maritzburg United prior to the Fifa calendar break. Celtic are sitting on 11th position on the log with 13 points from 10 matches. “The break hasn’t helped us,” Phalane argued. “We played three matches after the Knockout Cup and our bodies were getting used to it. But now we will need to wait until 27 November before our next game (against Cape Town City), and that could affect our momentum. But we have been keeping ourselves busy working hard at training to ensure we are ready.” He said the red card he received against Baroka FC in August has jolted him to up his game. “My game has improved a lot since I got sent-off,” said Phalane. “The red card has really opened my eyes. It’s not easy to succeed as an individual, but we can conquer anything as a team. We are playing every game as if it’s our last to ensure we finish the season in a better position. We have depth on our side and I have no doubt we will make our fans proud.”