PRECIOUS RAMABULANA was clearly panicking on the phone when she told Rudzani Mashotha she heard footsteps outside her rental room. Rudzani (35), a woman of faith, told Precious (21) to join her in prayer, but this time prayer didn’t help. PRECIOUS WAS FOUND DEAD IN HER ROOM. SHE’D BEEN STABBED 52 TIMES! Precious had phoned her aunt Rudzani in a panic from her room.  She was studying public management at the Capricorn TVET College’s Ramokgopa campus in Botlokwa, Limpopo. Mzansi learnt her name this week when she was murdered.  “She told me there was a hand of a person leaning on the window of her room,” said her aunt. “That’s when I asked her to pray with me so God would protect her.” Rudzani said she told her to call her landlord, but the landlord said she was in Joburg. Precious told her she called next-door tenants, who told her to come to their rooms for safety. “That was my last conversation with her before her phone went off,” said Rudzani. READ: WATCH: BABES AND MAMPINTSHA LET JUB JUB IN! Precious’ body was found by police after Rudzani alerted them to the danger Precious was facing after she couldn’t get hold of her. Precious and her sister Phathutshedzo (12) were raised by their mum Peggy Ramabulana (37), who had been taking medication after the death of her husband Takalani in 2010. Rudzani said they had to stabilise the mother with medication before telling her of the passing of her daughter. “Peggy is my blood sister. She had suspicions that Precious could be in trouble because her phone had been off since Sunday morning,” said Rudzani. “Precious was very clever. We hoped she’d one day help her mother improve her life. With her NSFAS money, she bought a TV stand and a bed for her mother.” Precious was depending on her mother’s disability grant and her NSFAS money to pay rent and buy food. Rudzani said Precious’ wish was to build her mum a big house after completing her studies and to send her little sister to school. READ: BONANG CALLS OUT FAKE AMINA MUADDI SHOES In a statement released yesterday, President Cyril Ramaphosa called on the police to step up the manhunt for the killer. “We’re horrified at yet another killing of an innocent woman. We’re angry. This simply cannot go on,” Ramaphosa said. Family spokeswoman Mavis Sitholimela (50) said Precious had serious stab wounds. She was reportedly stabbed 52 times. “We saw her body at the hospital,” Mavis told Daily Sun. “She had a deep scar and a stab wound in her forehead, as well as a stab wound on her neck and two deep stab wounds on her chest.” Limpopo police spokesman Brigadier Motlafela Mojapelo confirmed that the police had launched a manhunt for the suspect in the murder of Precious. Anyone with information is requested to call the police at 0860010111 or report to the nearest police station.