“We have a job to do.” Those are the words of SA Under-23 national team coach David Notoane as he prepares to inflict yet another heart-breaking defeat on Egypt. Just four months ago, the SA senior national team, Bafana Bafana, stunned the North African giants on home soil when they booted them out of the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) at the quarter-final stage. And now, Notoane’s Young Bafana could do the same to the The Pharaohs in the Africa U-23 Cup of Nations currently underway in Egypt. Ironically, the two sides will lock horns in a titanic semi-final at the Cairo International Stadium tomorrow (8pm), the same venue Bafana broke thousands of Egyptian hearts. Notoane, who previously stated he didn’t want to inflict more pain on Egyptians on home soil, said he now has no choice but to add salt to their open wounds. “Our job is to qualify for the final,” said Notoane. “Egypt have the same opportunity to go to the final. There is a lot of emotion that will come into the game of course, seeing that we knocked them out of the seniors’ Afcon. “We will obviously look to go out and do the same because we have a dream to go to the Olympics. “That’s what is before us and we must do what we have to do. That’s football for you. We look forward to the game.” Young Bafana will also be looking to redeem themselves from a disappointing tour to Egypt ahead of the tournament which saw them draw 1-1 in a practice match before losing 1-0 in an international friendly against the Pharaohs. Notoane will be counting on his trusted soldiers such as Luther Singh, Lyle Foster, Teboho Mokoena and Sipho Mbule to fire them into the final – securing automatic qualification for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. But with the Afcon falling outside the Fifa calendar, these key players could miss the final due to club commitments should Young Bafana reach that stage. However, Notoane is hoping that their club’s don’t recall them immediately after the international break which ends this week. “At this moment, I’m just glad that I will have the players for the semi-final against Egypt,” said Notoane. “I’ll worry about whether they’re staying or going after we do the job against Egypt. “I just hope common sense will prevail and the clubs will let the boys play in the final.”