HIGHLANDS Park mean business next season! The Tembisa based outfit have signalled their intention by beefing up their squad. Owen Da Gama’s charges have already captured the signature of Free State Stars versatile player Makhehleni Makhaula. A SunSport insider said: “Makhaula has joined Highlands Park and has signed a three-year contract.” Another source who is close to the club also confirmed that Makhaula will be turning up for Siyabahlaba/Siyabangena next season. SunSport’s mole confirmed: “The deal was done three weeks ago.” Club coach Da Gama refused to confirm or deny Makhaula’s signing and said the club will host a press conference to reveal the new players. Said Da Gama: “We’ll have an official press conference whereby all the new players and those who have renewed their contracts will be announced.” Highlands have already been busy in the transfer market having brought in Polokwane City goal-poacher Rodney Ramagalela and Black Leopards skipper Marks Munyai. Da Gama is expected to make more signings as the club are still chasing the signatures of Orlando Pirates midfielder Mpho Makola and former SuperSport United veteran winger Thuso Phala who is a free agent. The Makhulong-based club finished in the top eight for the first time when they secured seventh place with 41 points from 30 matches in their Absa Premiership campaign last season. Da Gama’s charges want to maintain the high standard they produced last season. The former Bafana Bafana caretaker coach said it was learning curve for his young team. Da Gama said: “We were paying our dues. It was our first season back in the PSL, we didn’t want to do anything stupid. The plan was to play it safe.” The Krugersdorp-born Makhaula, who has been with Ea LIa Koto since 2014-15 season, played an instrumental role for Stars when they captured the Nedbank Cup in 2018. He spent five seasons with the club and scored three goals in 94 appearances. On Wednesday, Highlands became the first club to report back for the pre-season training ahead of the new season that will get underway in August.