JABULANI “Mavotja” Maluleke wants to join the illustrious league of players such as John “Shoes” Moshoeu and Siyabonga Nomvethe, who played beyond the age of 40. At 37, the cool calm and collected midfielder, who scored a couple of scorchers in the past season, is on track to achieving that amazing feat. The Polokwane City captain has been one of the best and most consistent midfielders in the league for the past seasons and he can fit into any club in the PSL. “I don’t know how many years I’ve left but as long my legs allow me to carry on, I won’t be stopping anytime soon,” Maluleke said. Mavotja says growing up, playing for the big teams like Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs, Orlando Pirates, and Mamelodi Sundowns was not part of his dreams. “All I wanted was to win the league with any club,” he said. And he has achieved his feat. During his stint at SuperSport United, he won two league titles under coach Gavin Hunt in the 2008/09 and 2009/2010 campaigns. He said: “I won two leagues title in a row and now I’d love to win a cup with my current team as I’m enjoying my stay here.” And his dream of winning a cup could be fulfilled when the season starts as City had one of their best seasons in the top-flight, finishing in the fifth position which will see them competing in the MTN8. Maluleke made his PSL debut back in the 2002/2003 season while in the books of Dynamos and has since played for Black Leopards, SuperSport and currently Rise and Shine. He has kept a low profile and it wasn’t even known when Soweto giants, Pirates came knocking at his door for his services at the beginning of the 2018-19 season. He revealed: “Before the past season started, I did get an offer from Pirates, but loyalty is everything. I chose to stay with City.” Maluleke still has two years remaining on his contract with Rise and Shine. “We had a great season but hectic, we played well and in unity to make sure the team finished in a good position on the log and personally I’m happy with my contribution.”