After helicopter service BLADE expanded service from New York City to include LaGuardia Airport and Newark Liberty International Airport, Uber is following up with their own flights to and from JFK Airport on July 9.  Couple Drop Engagement Ring Down NY Grating A newly engaged groom-to-be dropped the engagement ring down a New York grating. Madonna denied document request in legal battle over New York home Madonna has been warned to stop "harassing" fellow residents at her New York City apartment building after having her request for board member records shut down. Taylor Swift's New York home invader jailed for six months A man who broke into Taylor Swift's New York City townhouse has been handed a six month prison sentence. Adele reportedly moves on with new man Singer Adele has allegedly already moved on from her failed marriage after she was spotted sharing a kiss with a new guy in New York City. Jennifer Lawrence celebrates at engagement party Jennifer Lawrence celebrated her impending nuptials to fiance Cooke Maroney over the weekend by hosting an engagement party in New York City. Madonna to perform at Pride Island Madonna will perform at the Pride Island festival, which is part of World Pride in New York City, later this month. Alec Baldwin confirms Comedy Central Roast 'Saturday Night Live' star Alec Baldwin has confirmed he will have his own Comedy Central's '2019 Roast', which is set to film in New York City this summer. Celebrity Closeup: Adam Sandler Born and raised one of seven children in New York City, Adam Sandler was always the class clown, but he never considered performing for a living until at age 17 his brother suggested he try his hand at stand up comedy. Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez purchase 15 million dollar apartment Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez appear to have taken their relationship to the next level as they're reportedly set to move in together. A close source has revealed that the lovebirds have purchased an apartment in New York City. Cardi B to open MTV Video Music Awards on Monday Cardi B will open the MTV Video Music Awards in New York City on Monday night. The performance will be her first since she became a mum to baby daughter Kulture last month. Tony nominee Ali Stroker keeps on breaking Broadway barriers Ali Stroker booked her first musical theater gig at the tender age of seven, when she was cast as the title role in “Annie” in a friend’s backyard production in a New Jersey beach town. Zayn Malik refuses to label rekindled romance with Gigi Hadid Zayn Malik is hesitant to put a label on the status of his rekindled romance with model Gigi Hadid. NYC Comptroller Leads Charge to Limit Zuckerberg's Power at Facebook New York City Comptroller Scott Stringer, who heads the city's Retirement Systems that owns roughly $785 million of Facebook's stocks, is among the those calling for Mark Zuckerberg's roles as Facebook CEO and chair to be separated. Lady Gaga stages costume change performance as Met Gala kicks off Lady Gaga kicked off the Met Gala pink carpet on Monday by pulling off a full quadruple costume change performance, at the high-profile New York City event. Celebrity Closeup: Sigourney Weaver Sigourney Weaver was born in New York City to an actress and a television producer, so performing was always likely to be in her future. More TSA agents call out sick amid shutdown Hundreds of TSA agents working without pay during the government shutdown are calling out sick at major airports across the U.S. raising concerns about security. A New Era in NYC: Tap-to-Pay Comes to Subway Nearly 30 years ago, New York’s subway turnstiles began a transition from token to MetroCards -- what was then a cutting-edge technology for payment and fare collection. Now, in a sign of the times, the country’s oldest subway system is about to o... High Line celebrates 10 years with new art The popular elevated High Line park in Manhattan is expanding with a new section, called the Spur, which includes an open plaza with space for large artwork. Jennifer Lopez gets emotional as she takes home Fashion Icon gong at CFDA Awards Jennifer Lopez struggled to control her emotions when she took to the stage to accept the Fashion Icon prize at the CFDA Awards in New York on Monday night. Rihanna and Cardi B mourn New York teen's senseless gang killing Rihanna and Cardi B have both taken to social media to share their sadness at the news of the senseless murder of a young teen in New York. Mariah Carey rides the New York subway for new video 'A No No' Mariah Carey became a glamorous commuter when she shot her her new video, in which she rides the subway in New York. Kerry Washington thinks new Broadway play is 'a nightmare' Kerry Washington is apparently struggling with her new Broadway hit 'American Son' because it's her worst nightmare rolled into a play. 'When they see us' revisits 'Central Park Jogger' case in a powerful way Ava DuVernay's new Netflix miniseries, 'When They See Us' provides more insight into the "Central Park Jogger" case than ever before. Beyonce recruits teen figure skaters to model new Ivy Park collection Beyonce is shining the spotlight on student figure skaters from Harlem, New York in a new advertisement for her latest Ivy Park clothing collection. Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin caught kissing in New York Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin have sealed their re-romance with a kiss. The former flames were caught on camera smooching in New York's Domino Park, and then they were spotted locking lips in Rockefeller Park. BLADE Expands Helicopter Rides from Manhattan to Area Airports One month after launching continuous flights between Manhattan and John F. Kennedy Airport, BLADE has expanded its helicopter service from New York City to include LaGuardia Airport and Newark Liberty International Airport. Shutdown's end still leaves worries for TSA agents Transportation Security Agency workers say they're relieved they will soon be getting their missed paychecks now that the government shutdown is over. But they also say they're worried that another shutdown could occur in a few weeks. Staffing issues force halts, delays at airports: FAA Flights at several major airports in the Northeast were halted and delayed on Thursday, amid staffing shortages at air traffic control facilities, the FAA said. Nathan Frandino has more. Newark Airport garage fire damages vehicles A parking garage fire at Newark International Airport has severely damaged more than a dozen vehicles. Worker urges lawmakers set rules to bar shutdowns In Denver, furloughed federal workers discussed the impact of the shutdown with Rep. Diane DeGette. President Donald Trump agreed to a deal Friday to reopen the government for three weeks. Michael B. Jordan returns to hometown high school for mentorship programme Actor Michael B. Jordan just returned to his native Newark, New Jersey last week to surprise high school students as part of a mentorship programme. Abandoned Airport Terminal Given New Life As A Retro-Inspired Luxury Hotel Travelers landing at John F. Kennedy International Airport will soon be able to be transported back to the 1960's with a luxurious new hotel based onsite. Oprah Winfrey donates $500,000 to New Jersey School Oprah paid a surprise visit to West Side High School in Newark, NJ, over the weekend. Govt. shutdown hits pregnant couple A New Jersey air traffic controller and his pregnant wife say they risk financial troubles if the federal government shutdown is not resolved. Woman tries to bring peacock on flight from New Jersey Footage recorded at Newark Liberty International Airport of a woman trying to take her peacock on board a flight from New Jersey, for 'emotional support'. Plane quarantined at JFK airport amid reports of sick passengers A plane has been quarantined amid reports a number of passengers have become ill aboard a flight from Dubai that arrived at New York's Kennedy Airport. Video footage shows the jet sitting on the tarmac. Universe of A-listers party at Vuitton LouisVuitton’s star squad of Emma Stone, Cate Blanchett and Julianne Moore took in Nicolas Ghesquière’s sculptured and textured '80s designs at the old TWA terminal at JFK Airport. Post Malone's jet lands safely after two tyres blow A private jet carrying rapper Post Malone blew two tyres during take-off at a small New Jersey airport on Tuesday but made a safe emergency landing hours later in upstate New York. Miracle on Hudson passenger: flight change my life Miracle on Hudson passenger: flight change my life Miracle on Hudson passenger: flight change my life It's been 10 years, but there isn't anything Tripp Harris doesn't remember about the cold January day he cheated death on US Airways flight 1549. The flight that became known as the 'Miracle on the Hudson." New York's LaGuardia Airport undergoes major renovation LaGuardia International Airport is being renovated in a push to modernize the aging airport.New York's international airport is being renovated in order to have six concourses and two new arrival and departure halls, the Associated Press reports. Madonna to headline Pride Island in New York City Madonna will help fans commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Stonewall Riots by headlining one of the biggest events of New York City's WorldPride celebrations this summer. Celebrity Closeup: Sienna Miller Model and actress Sienna Miller was born in New York City, but moved with her family to London when she was one year old. She would return to the city of her birth at 18 to study acting, but was soon discovered by an agent. Camila Cabello rules 2018 MTV Video Music Awards The former Fifth Harmony star was named Artist of the Year midway through the New York City show, and ended the night by topping Drake, Ariana Grande, Bruno Mars and Cardi B, Childish Gambino, and Beyonce and JAY-Z. Pete Davidson, Kendall Jenner walk in Alexander Wang fashion show Embracing Manhattan’s iconic Rockefeller Center as his venue, Alexander Wang offers a huge hug to his city and American fashion as he showed his latest collection al fresco. Sarah Jessica Parker campaigns to save New York's libraries Sarah Jessica Parker has urged New Yorkers to protest against cuts to the city's public library services. NYPD sorry for '69 raid at Stonewall gay bar New York City's police commissioner has apologized for the 1969 police raid at the Stonewall Inn that catalyzed the modern LGBT rights movement. WATCH: How long does it take to fall in love? College-bound romantic Daniel Bae (Charles Melton) and Jamaica-born pragmatist Natasha Kingsley (Yara Shahidi ) meet—and fall for each other—over one magical day amidst the fervour and flurry of New York City. Exclusive Interview: The stars of 'Ocean's 8' say New York is like an extra character in the movie The new heist flick 'Ocean's 8' features an all-star cast of A-list actresses playing a group of criminals who band together to rob the city's annual MET Gala.