THE 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) is set to kick off with a music and dance spectacle in Egypt tonight. From football royalty, politicians to ordinary fans and heads of federations, the Cairo Stadium will be a hive of activity. The countdown is finally over as popular Nigeria musician Femi Kuti prepares to get the continent’s premier tournament underway with a bang. Egypt, who tackle Zimbabwe in the opening match (10pm), are hosting the tournament for the fifth time. The honour could well have been bestowed on South Africa, who were also in line to step in after Cameroon were stripped of the hosting rights. Bafana had no free pass and had to earn their spot through the qualifiers. But can Stuart Baxter’s team excel in Egypt and lift the national shroud of gloom? Mzansi has been plunged into despair, following successive failures by national teams in major international tournaments. Amajita crashed early at the Fifa U-20 World Cup, Banyana Banyana returned early from the Women’s World Cup while the Proteas are being smacked silly at the Cricket World Cup. Pressure is now on Bafana to impress in Egypt. And who else to drive this point home better than Safa president Danny Jordaan? “We had our U-20s in Poland. People say we were the most talented team. But that doesn’t count… same with the women. They’re back home,” Jordaan said. “Now you carry the hope and aspiration and maybe burden of expectation of the nation because you are the only hope. “And I don’t think the nation would put the trust in you, if you didn’t have the ability to live up to that expectation. “We’ve been here too many times. Some of you were there Guinea in 2015. We lost against Algeria and Ghana. But everybody said the best team was South Africa. In the books we were the best, on the field not.” Among those in the team who were in Guinea are Thulani Hlatshwayo, Darren Keet, Sibusiso Vilakazi and Dean Furman. But this time around, the spotlight will fall on Percy Tau. Jordaan also reiterated the importance of finishing higher in the tournament. He explained: “We’ve had the draw and because we are ranked 14 on the continent South Africa are in the second tier of teams. “We need to get into the top 10. Why, because the next qualifiers are for the 2022 World Cup. “This is the tournament in which everybody will be playing with one eye on the trophy, another on the second round… and maybe two eyes on getting into the top position for the World Cup draw. So many things hang on your performance.