VUYANI NTANGA has threatened to take legal action against National First Division side Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila. This over the alleged non-payment of his May salary. The 30-year-old winger said theVenda-based club were giving him the runaround.He sent a message to club president Masala Mulaudzi on 14 June, asking why he hadn’t been paid. The player claims Mulaudzi is yet to respond to the message, which was also seen by SunSport. SunSport has learnt that Mulaudzi is out of the country. But an angry Ntanga said he sent messages to other club officials, including team manager, Ricardo Miriri. Said Ntanga: “The team manager assured me I’d be sorted, but I still haven’t received my money. I’ve told the club unless I’m paid what’s owed to me, I’ll have no other option but to take legal action.” When contacted over the matter, TTM chairman Humbulani Mphephu, said according to his knowledge, all the players had been paid. Mphephu added that if Ntanga hadn’t been paid, he knows which channels to follow. Stated the club chairman: “All I know is that all the players were paid. I’m concerned that he’s gone to the newspapers instead of telling me.“If he has a problem regarding payment, he should inform me and I’ll address the issue immediately.“ "I’m going to consult my financial officer now because he [Ntanga] hasn’t informed me. “But he should have consulted me first and I’d have addressed his issues because we’re here to deal with them.” The former Bloemfontein Celtic midfielder joined the Limpopo club as a free agent in December last year on a short-term deal that finishes at the end of this month. Ntanga was released by Premier Soccer League outfit, Golden Arrows in January last year. He was clubless for eight months before signing for TTM. TTM finished third in the NFD last season and qualified for the relegation/promotional play-offs, but Ntanga didn’t play in any of the play-off games in which Maritzburg United retained their PSL status. Ntanga scored once in six matches that he played for TTM in the second half of the season. 