FOR ADMITTING to stealing the manhole cover they got the beating of their lives.But not from the community members who caught them. THE THUGS WERE FORCED TO TAKE TURNS PUNISHING EACH OTHER WITH A SJAMBOK! A metal manhole cover is heavy and worth a lot of money once it finds its way to a dodgy scrap dealer, but getting it there is not so easy. The three young men allegedly admitted to stealing the manhole cover from the Dr EP Lekhela Secondary School in Retswelele, in Kimberley in theNorthern Cape, on Monday – but they were caught. And they were given a terrible choice. They could either be taken to the cops, where they would almost certainly be charged with theft, or they could whip each other with a sjambok while teachers and the community members who caught them watched. A video making the rounds on Facebook shows how the thugs took turns beating each other with a sjambok. And from the images it is clear that it was no joke. The young men twisted in agony on the ground as they were whipped. The man taking the video, Vuyo Thati (35), ordered the thugs to beat each other. Vuyo said he was driving to work when he noticed three men carrying something heavy. “I asked them to tell me what they were carrying and they confessed to stealing a manhole cover from the school,” he said. “I took them back to the school where I met the principal and staff members.” He said they called the police but apparently they never came. “That’s when I gave them a choice. I told them I would take them to the cop shop or they could beat each other and teach themselves a lesson. They decided to take option two and whipped one another.” “We are tired of thugs stealing from our school. People get hurt because of missing manhole covers.” He said they take the law into their own hands because criminals get better treatment from the law than if they applied justice themselves. People on Facebook praised Vuyo. Hector Maruping said: “We need to take back our streets. This is the way to fight back.” And Ashworth Tau said: “Good work, my brother!” 