Cassper Nyovest is a huge Bentley fan. Every second rap line from his songs contains the word, Bentley. On Twitter, he has been flexing his new muscles alongside an old Bentley Flying Spur.  Now the folks at Crewe have just unveiled a new version of the Flying Spur to celebrate the brand's centenary. They are calling it the world’s most advanced luxury Grand Touring sports sedan.  "A technological tour de force of innovation, connectivity, passenger comfort and driver excitement sets the bar for the modern luxury Grand Touring sedan," the company says in their press material. Think of the Flying Spur as the coming together of the Continental GT sportiness and the limousine refinement of the Mulsanne.  In terms of looks, the new Flying Spur certainly looks like an elongated and limo Continental GT. But overall I think the Flying Spur has the best proportions. It looks crisp. The car is all-new. "The new Flying Spur is a ground-up development that pushes the boundaries of both technology and craftsmanship to deliver segment-defining levels of performance and refinement," said Chairman and Chief Executive of Bentley Motors Adrian Hallmark. Underpinning the new car is the MSB platform used by the new Continental GT and the Porsche Panamera. So it gets technology like the 48V electronic architecture that helps manage the car's mass through the corners.  There's also four-wheel steering to make the more than 5-metre long car feel nimble around town and stable at highway speeds. For the limousine-like qualities there's new three-chamber air-suspension managed by the Bentley Dynamic Ride system to deliver "a driving experience of extraordinary breadth and capability not seen in this segment before," Bentley says.  The current Flying Spur as seen in Cassper's tweets has been around since 2005. And the tech and driver assistance systems are archaic. But the third generation Flying Spur has new systems like the Traffic Assist, City Assist and Blind Spot Warning that are fitted as standard, traffic in the new car should be a breeze.  Powering the new car is Bentley’s famed 6.0-litre, twin-turbocharged W12 motor. It pushes out a BMW M5 Competition besting 467 kW and 900 Nm of torque.  Power goes to all wheels via an eight-speed dual clutch transmission. 0-100 km/h is dealt with in 3.7 seconds. Top speed is 333km/h. Inside the new Flying Spur is all-new. There's a 12.3inch touch screen infotainment system which like in the Continental GT can be tucked away to present traditional analogue dials. What can't be tucked away is the High Definition digital instrumentation cluster. There’s the Bentley touches like wood veneers, diamond stitch quilting and real metal galore and they can be ordered to the owners liking. I think the Nyovi should cop this one, it would look nice alongside those new muscles. 