Looking for
a new car but worried about costly repairs? We delve into the servicing and
parts price data to show you where real value is in the local car market. The annual
Kinsey survey of South African vehicle parts and servicing, revealed some
interesting trends within the local market. Although
certain cars appeared to offer the best value, context is required to
understand the numbers in their totality. Below are
five of the most interesting details we extracted from the survey and what they
mean for potential or current owners. Datsun Go Nissan’s
budget brand offering registered the most competitive overall parts bucket
cost, at R63 100. The Go's servicing cost was also lowest, at R2 047, while its
collective of repair parts totalled only R8 846 – the lowest in Kinsey's entire
survey. Those
numbers might be impressive in absolute terms but the Go's ranking is
misleading. It has a very low purchase price, but its parts bucket cost as a
percentage of total price is not the lowest, at 41%. There were
three other hatchbacks (Ford's Figo, Toyota's Etios and VW's Vivo) which
express a lower percentage, when the parts basket is calculated as a function
of vehicle retail pricing. The other issue
is that although collective parts cost and servicing prices are valuable
barometers, they do not account for total cost of vehicle ownership, especially
at the time of disposal. How well
your car avoids depreciation as an asset is a crucial element of total
ownership cost - and in this regard some of the Go's rivals would be superior.  Renault
Kwid Expression: is cheap really cheaper? The
cheapest vehicle in this year's survey is not the most affordable to service or
repair. Renault's Kwid lists at R132 500, but its parts basket calculates to
50% of that price, which is a very high proportional number. It is true
that cheaper vehicles will naturally have high proportional parts bucket
percentages – because their overall price is lower – but the Kwid's collective
parts total is R67 707. For context, consider Ford's Figo, which retails at
R192 900, yet has a parts bucket of R67 805. If it is
French or Korean, parts aren't cheap. The benefit of buying a locally assembled
vehicle becomes obvious when unpacking the Kinsey survey data. Amongst the
budget car and supermini categories, a consistent trend was how high the parts
baskets are for imported vehicles, especially French and Korean ones. Renault's
Sandero, for instance, has a 51.75% ratio of parts to purchase price. With the
Clio that percentage grows to 53%. Kia's popular Rio registers a 64.85% ratio
of replacement parts to purchase price, the highest of any rival hatchback in
the survey.  The curious
case of Quest and GTI  Two
vehicles which are completely unrelated, but both rank very impressive parts to
purchase price ratios, are Toyota's Quest and VW's Golf GTI. The locally built
Quest has the lowest collective parts price of all vehicles surveyed,
representing only 29% of its purchase price for a total value of R65 341. This is
easily explained by the fact that Quest is an older generation Corolla, with a
great deal of production maturity in its supply chain. Many of its parts
include local content, further reducing price. VW's GTi is the interesting one. 