STUART Baxter says he can’t beat his chest like “Tarzan” and promise Bafana Bafana will trash everybody at the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon). But admittedly, South Africans are tired of suffering disappointments at the hands of Bafana. The team will need to perform like that comic hero Tarzan, if they are to meet the expectations of the nation in the 2019 Afcon finals, beginning in Egypt on 21 June. “There’s always expectation from everybody. If you don’t have expectation, then you don’t have ambition!” said the Bafana coach, emphatically. “The expectation is that we give a good account of ourselves. People can have patience with you to a certain degree if you perform, and if you work hard. “At the end of the day, we are in a result-driven industry and that is what will change the final opinion and judgement of what we do in the tournament. “I think the team is ready enough to surprise. Whether I can beat my chest like Tarzan and say we gonna trash everybody, I doubt that.” Baxter oversaw another Bafana training session in Joburg yesterday as they continued preparation for the biennial tournament. Together with assistant Molefi Ntseki and Bafana legend and player-liaison, Mark Fish, Baxter is looking to bring back the halcyon days of 1996. However, he is equally realistic about the challenge ahead, and not oblivious to the fact Bafana haven’t lived up to expectation since they annexed the Afcon title in 1996. “What’s happened in SA in the last few years very much reminds me of England. Every time there was a glimmer of hope that England were going to win everything, they never won anything,” Baxter explained. “The expectation level on Bafana has probably been unrealistically high in the past. But that’s because of the passion the people have on Bafana. People get a little bit tired of being disappointed. “So, they lower their expectations levels and, lo and behold, when that happens, players respond positively.” Bafana are in a group of death with powerhouses Morocco, Ivory Coast and lowly Namibia. They are hoping to set the tone with victory against the Ivorians in their opener on 24 June. “There’s a scenario that if we get the right sort of start, people will not enjoy playing against us, ” Baxter predicted. “I guarantee you that on the field we will be better organised and more skilful than they (opponents) think we are.”