The survivors of an alleged gang war in Westbury have implicated
two suspected gang members and a police officer in a shooting earlier this year
that left them injured and their friend dead. This emerged during a
bail application in the murder trial of Leroy "Finch" Brown and
co-accused Christopher "Pitso" Charles in the Johannesburg
Magistrate's Court on Thursday. Brown is alleged to be
the leader of the Varados gang, which is apparently at war with the Fast Guns. Brown and Charles are
facing charges of murder, attempted murder, and the possession of unlicensed
firearms and ammunition. They were arrested earlier this month. On Thursday, they were
joined by a third co-accused, Warrant Officer Wynand Steyn from Sophiatown
police station, who was arrested on Tuesday.  Under
cross-examination from Brown's lawyer, Jannie Kruger, investigating officer
Warrant Officer Vincent Saunders testified that Brown and Charles were
implicated by two witnesses as the ones who opened fire on them at Agatha
flats in Newclare on April 21, 2016. Their friend, Reagan Jacobs, was shot dead. It is alleged that
Jacobs was a member of the Fast Guns gang. The two witnesses
survived the shooting and were hospitalised for two months. Saunders, who is a
member of the anti-gang unit, said he began investigating the case on May
14. He added that the two
witnesses, whose identities cannot be revealed in court, gave the police
statements that on April 21, 2016, they were with Jacobs at Agatha flats when a
marked police vehicle with four occupants drove past them and stopped. Saunders said the
witnesses, in their statements, claimed that they saw an armed Brown emerging
from the vehicle. He allegedly charged at them, while Charles approached them
from behind. The two men then allegedly opened fire on them. Saunders continued
that the witnesses said they saw Brown running away and jumping back into the
marked police vehicle. Charles remained on the scene, loaded his firearm and
opened fire in the direction of people's homes. "One of the two
witnesses said he saw a policeman called Steyn was one of the occupants in the
marked police vehicle. Another witness was at home watching television. Upon
hearing the gunshots, the witness peeped through the window and saw Brown at
the scene," said Saunders. This was Steyn's first
appearance since his arrest, and he is expected to appear in a separate court
for his own, separate bail application. This was because his two co-accused's
bail application was already underway. All three are expected
back in the dock on June 21.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/survivors-implicate-alleged-gang-leaders-cop-in-fatal-shooting-20190620 