CURRENT and former Premier Soccer League (PSL) coaches have tipped Bafana Bafana to reach the knockout stages of the upcoming Africa Nations Cup (Afcon). The event takes place in Egypt from Friday until 19 July. Bafana are in the so-called group of death alongside Morroco, Ivory Coast and Namibia. They will tackle Ivory Coast in their opening match at Al-Salam Stadium on Monday (4.30pm, SA time). Former Bafana coach Gordon Igesund said: “Honestly speaking, whenever a coach selects a team, it always get scrutinised. “As supporters, we say ‘why pick that one and not him’, but at the end of the day we must support the coach. “Based on players he works with during training sessions, he knows who in the group would start and what formation he’ll use during the tournament. “It’s difficult to say what’s going to happen and we can’t make assumptions. The best team has been selected. Let’s support them and see how they do in Cairo.” Stellenbosch FC coach Steve Barker said: “I believe Bafana will go through to the knockout stages. It’s been a difficult period in the national team, but there’s consistency and balance in the last couple games. “We’re in a tough group and I’m confident we’ll get out of it and reach the semi-finals. “It’s possible and we should all get behind the team.” Joel Masutha of Maccabi FC said: “Despite the omission of Thapelo Morena, Baxter chose a strong squad. “There’s continuity with 99% of players who played against Libya (2-1 win) in the qualifiers could start against Ivory Coast. “Baxter relies on organisation and structure. Players like Percy Tau, Themba Zwane are capable of sneaking a goal or two. “So, we can’t write South Africa off. There’s a chance we can reach the knockout stages if we play without fear. “Everyone says Morocco and Ivory Coast have already qualified, but we can spoil the party because we have nothing to lose.” Cavin Johnson of AmaZulu said: “Look, players that Baxter put in the team played the whole season. “He has some good players, but the problem is lack of preparation going into Afcon finals. “Other countries started preparing early because their league ended long ago, while the PSL ended last month. Sometimes, that can also have an effect. “But this is a once in a lifetime opportunity. Players should go out there and do their best. “They can reach the knockout stages and we will rally behind them,” he said.