MZANSI’S prominent long distance runners Charne Bosman, Gerda Steyn and Ann Ashworth will circle around American star Camille Herron from the first gun at this year’s Comrades Marathon. The trio are determined to prevent the American from defending her 2017 up-run title which she won in 6:27:35. The Ultimate Human Race, which distances 87km this year being an up-run is scheduled for Sunday. The starters’ gun will go off at 5.30am at the Durban City Hall and will finish at the Scottsville Racecourse in Pietermaritzburg. The 38-year-old Herron arrived in Mzansi yesterday to join her fellow Nedbank Running Club mates from the United States. The decorated runner has won a number of high profile races around the world. But she can be guaranteed stiff opposition from the South African legion who were caught with their guards down two years when Herron took home the ladies’ title. Bosman won the race in 2016 and Ashworth is the reigning women’s champion while Steyn is in the form of her life. Steyn is looking to complete the unlikely double having cliched the Old Mutual Two Oceans Marathon title in 3:31:28 back in April. University lecturer, Caroline Wostmann, won the Two Oceans and the Comrades in the same calendar year in 2015. Steyn is itching to follow in the footsteps of her idol Wostmann and become the second woman to complete the double in the same year. But Steyn, who is Mzansi’s hope having camped in France and Cape Town, will be going up against a strong field in the women’s category. The closest that she got from winning the Ultimate Human Race was last year when she finished second in 6:15:34. Steyn said: “Completing the double is a big dream. I feel ready and confident to win the race. But I’m a little bit nervous. I’m definitely looking forward to the race. I have the drive and support that I need to go for it.” Steyn has identified last year’s down-run winner Ashworth as her biggest threat: “Ann is my main competitor. She’s the favourite. Herron runs 100kms and is super fit. The plan is to stay with her and Ann and Charne maybe until the half way mark and then make my move.”