BANYANA Banyana goalkeeper Andile Dlamini says playing in the FIFA Women’s World Cup in France is the highlight of her career so far. The 26-year-old played two games, against Spain in the first and Germany in the second. She conceded seven goals in the two games, however, she insists that it was the greatest experience of her life. “I don’t think it has quite sunk in, maybe when I get home it will sink in because right now I still can’t believe that I came to the World Cup and I played against these top countries,” said Dlamini. IT WAS A LEARNING CURVE - DLAMINI Daily Sun speaks to Banyana Banyana goalkeeper, Andile Dlamini, after the Germany match. “I enjoyed myself on the field of play, sharing the talent I have with the World. It was not easy but I made sure that when I walk off the pitch, I don’t have a single regret." The Mamelodi Sundowns goal minder said although Banyana did not progress to the knockout stages of the tournament, they gave a good account of themselves. They finished bottom of Group B after defeats to Spain, China and Germany in their maiden World Cup. “It was our first Word Cup, yes we ddnt win, but we played our hearts out. “We are fighters, we don’t give up. We fought in every single game because they all felt like cup finals. “We played against players who play professionally on regular basis. We have learnt a lot of things. Europe's next fighter jet: what you need to know Spain has joined a French-German project to build a next-generation warplane and boost European defence, in a ceremony at the Paris Air Show. Michel Platini detained in 2022 Qatar World Cup corruption probe Michel Platini detained in 2022 Qatar World Cup corruption probe ‘Norway have excellent plan to stop France’ Norway trained and spoke ahead of the second game of the Women's World Cup against hosts France on Wednesday. The Norwegians beat Nigeria 3-0 in their first match in Reims on Saturday. France currently top group A - just one place above the 'Grass... US women football coach Jill Ellis speaks about pressure from being reigning champions US Women's football coach Jill Ellis, her French counterpart Corinne Diacre and England's Phil Nevill reflect on the draw for the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup in Paris on Saturday (8th December).  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: World Cup draw in full: Gro... ‘Brazil squad will all watch Alisson play Champions League final’ Brazil goalkeeping coach Claudio Taffarel spoke about 'Selecao' shot stopper Alisson, who will line up for Liverpool in the UEFA Champions League final against Tottenham Hotspur, on Wednesday.   Taffarel, who won the 1994 FIFA World Cup with Brazi...