WITH top flight football in the country currently on a break, off-season kasi winter tournaments will be on hand to quench the thirst of many football fanatics. Furthermore, these tournaments help contribute positively to society as they offer budding players a rare opportunity to showcase their skills and also helps them stay away from drugs and other bad influences. Former Bafana Bafana captain Steven “Schillo” Pienaar continues to give back to his community of Westbury in Joburg through his annual Steven Pienaar Community Cup. The tournament is a much-needed distraction for the crime ridden and drug infested area and it offers aspiring footballers an opportunity to get scouted by top clubs. Pienaar, a former Everton and Tottenham Hotspurs midfielder, says the tournament has grown in leaps and bounds having started with just eight teams back in 2003. This year’s edition is nearing it’s conclusion with the finals set to be played on Sunday. “The tournament does a lot for the community,” said Pienaar. “The community of Westbury is notorious for drugs and crime, we are trying to change all of that by taking these youngsters out of the streets and onto the football pitch. “Football did a lot for me personally, it changed my life. I’m hoping it does the same for a lot of other youngsters in this community who need saving from the bad things that happen here.” Another former professional footballer who is trying to inspire positive change in the community they come from is Derrick Spencer, formerly of Kazier Chiefs. The star who hails from KwaZulu Natal, has been running the Derrick Spencer Football Festival through his foundation for the past 10 years. This year’s edition of the one-day schools tournament will take place on Saturday in the community of Eshowe, North of KZN. “Eshowe is a very rural area, nothing is happening there,” said Spencer. “The tournament helps these youngsters to get exposure because a lot of scouts come through to spot the best players and integrate them into development teams. “The community as a whole benefits as well because traders come to sell their stuff and we have local performers who entertain the crowds.” Perhaps one of the most popular tournaments, the Maimane Alfred Phiri (MAP) Games which are played in kasi style in Alexandra next to the Alex Hostel, are also well underway. The junior’s tourney which started last month, is nearing its conclusion with the final scheduled for Sunday. Phiri, a member of the Bafana 1998 World Cup team, said everything was going well and they are looking forward to the senior category after the conclusion of the juniors. The seniors event will kick-off on the weekend of 22 and 23 June where the 40 teams taking part will engage in a KO Pre-Round format. “Everything has been going on well, now it is all systems go for the seniors,” said Phiri.