The South African Council of Messianic Churches in Christ
(SACMCC) says reports that it has withdrawn its application to the Electoral
court to have the African Transformation Movement (ATM) deregistered is
misleading. SACMCC general secretary Apostle Buyisile Ngqulwana said in
a statement on Thursday said it had not anticipated the belated publication by
the IEC in the Government Gazette of formal notice that it had accepted the
ATM's application. He added that was therefore appropriate to temporarily
withdraw its application in order to enable it to lodge a formal appeal of the
IEC. “In terms of the applicable legislation, the SACMCC was
enjoined to raise an appeal to such registration of ATM within 30 days of the
date of the publication and to exhaust all its internal remedies before it
sought the relief of the Electoral Court. The legal objection by SACMCC is
before IEC currently for considerations," he said. Ngqulwana said outcomes would be subjected to a review
application should registration be upheld by IEC. Dispute Last week ATM disputed claims that it was the creation of
ANC secretary general Ace Magashule and former president Jacob Zuma, and
accused some of the messianic churches, of which it was once a part, of working
for some in the ANC. This follows an announcement from the ANC that it was
investigating the involvement of its comrades in the formation of some small
parties, which were launched ahead of the 2019 national elections. Some in the ANC believe Magashule was involved, claiming
that evidence was handed over to the party in Cape Town as proof. Although the ANC has not responded to the claims, sources
have told News24 that the party would embark on an investigation into the
claims around its secretary general as well as taking a broader look at the
small parties and whether any of its comrades had been involved. ATM's spokesperson, Mandisa Mashiya, told News24 that while
it did not care who or what the ANC was investigating with regard to the
claims, it was fascinated by the relationship between the governing party and
some in the messianic church's council. Alliance proposal "We want to know if they are just friends or if there
is something bigger happening," said Mashiya, referring to a picture of
ANC president Cyril Ramaphosa with Ngqulwana. Ngqulwana, who told News24 he was willing to help the ANC
should it ask for it, said the picture was taken just before the 2019 May
elections. He added that the council had requested a meeting with the
governing party in a bid to form some sort of alliance. "We showed them our correspondence with Magashule who
did not respond to our official requests." He claimed it was Magashule who had suggested that the
organisation should start a political party and that Zuma was roped in to
assist it. The party garnered two seats in the National Assembly.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/application-against-atm-at-electoral-court-was-only-temporarily-withdrawn-messianic-churches-20190617 