EVERYONE is expected to do something to help save in these challenging times. And as a driver who is also feeling the pinch, I thought it would help to speak to someone who can help fellow drivers save some money. Itumeleng Matshego, managing director of Legratron Electronics, has these tips:, Save on fuel: International oil prices and the unpredictable rand/dollar exchange rate could have resulted in a small decrease in the petrol price this month, but carbon tax is due to be added. This means motorists will only see a 1c decrease in petrol and a 24c increase in diesel. “Use this information to implement interventions such as training or disciplinary procedures to improve your drivers’ behaviour,” said Itumeleng.Geo-fence technology: This is the ability to use software to set a virtual geographic boundary and when an item crosses a border of this boundary, an alert is issued. “Geo-fence technology can help in saving fuel by improving route planning or by diverting the nearest vehicle to customers for unexpected visits.”, Save on the cost of crashes:Even a small bumper bashing can have serious consequences for your car or company. “Information provided by telematics can identify problematic drivers and decide how to improve this. “This will save on the cost of damage,” said Itumeleng., Save on maintenance: Knowing when your drivers practice bad driving habits is not only important to save on fuel and prevent accidents, it can also reduce maintenance costs. “Harsh acceleration or braking and incorrect clutch control all drive up maintenance costs.” Itumeleng said if you identify these mistakes, take corrective measures and avoid costly maintenance repairs above the normal services and repairs. , Optimise utilisation of resources: Telematics data provides accurate pictures of how and when your cars are being used. “You can reduce time wasted by drivers who take unnecessary longer routes, company vehicles and time for personal errands or use ineffective route planning.” “Geo-fence technology of telematics can also help you reduce the unnecessary wastage of resources and time when responding to unexpected customer requests”.