Stuart Baxter believes that Bafana Bafana are well equipped in the strikers department for the upcoming 2019 Africa Cup of Nations. The national side head coach opted to select Lebo Mothiba (Strasbourg), Percy Tau (Royal St Union), Lars Veldwijk (Sparta Rotterdam) and Mamelodi Sundowns duo, Lebogang Maboe and Sibusiso Vilakazi to lead South Africa's attack during the tournament in Egypt. "We have two strikers who have goals in them. In the practice match we had Lebo score four and all the players have seen him as very difficult to handle," Baxter said as quoted by SowetanLIVE. "If we can get Percy on the ball in the right areas, he will be a threat." Meanwhile, Baxter feels that Veldwijk will come in handy with his height and strength. "It's for a reason he has scored all the goals he has," Baxter said. "He is not as easy on the eye as Percy or Lebo but he's certainly not a bad finisher, so if you put him in the right areas he will finish." Bafana get their tournament started against Ivory Coast on Monday, June 24 in Cairo before playing at the same venue on Friday, June 28 against Namibia. They then round off their group stage with a match against Morocco on Monday, July 1. Full Bafana Bafana Squad for AFCON 2019: Goalkeepers Darren Keet (Wits), Bruce Bvuma (Kaizer Chiefs), Rowen Williams (Supersport) Defenders Daniel Cardoso (Kaizer Chiefs) , Ramahlwe Mphahlele (Kaizer Chiefs), Thulani Hlatshwayo (Wits), Innocent Maela (Orlando Pirates), Sifiso Hlanti (Wits), Buhle Mkhawanazi (Wits), Thamsanqa Mkhize (Cape Town City). Midfielders Bongani Zungu (Amiens), Hlompho Kekana (Mamelodi Sundowns), Dean Furman (SuperSport United), Kamohelo Mokotjo (Brentford), Tiyani Mabunda (Mamelodi Sundowns), Thulani Serero (Vitesse), Thembinkosi Lorch (Orlando Pirates), Themba Zwane (Mamelodi Sundowns) Strikers Lebo Mothiba (Strasbourg), Percy Tau (Royal St Union), Lars Veldwijk (Sparta Rotterdam), Lebogang Maboe (Mamelodi Sundowns), Sibusiso Vilakazi (Mamelodi Sundowns)  https://www.sport24.co.za/Soccer/BafanaBafana/baxter-talks-up-bafana-bafanas-strike-force-20190612