The family of Zinhle Maditla, who is accused of killing her
four children in Klarinet, eMalahleni, Mpumalanga, expressed their
disappointment on Monday after she was denied bail by the Witbank Magistrate’s
Court. "We still love Zinhle and we forgave her a long time
ago," said Maditla's uncle, Kevin Balance. Balance was speaking to reporters outside the court shortly
after Magistrate Mdumiseni Mavuso denied Maditla bail. He said his family still
believed that she was not in the right state of mind when she allegedly killed
her children. "We are still angry about the deaths of the children,
but we wanted Zinhle to get bail so that she can come back home. We think she
was not herself when she did that. She made a mistake," said Balance. He added that the children's deaths had left a big void in
their family. However, Balance did not dispute a psychiatric assessment report
that was presented to the same court in April, which revealed that Maditla was
fit to stand trial. Maditla, 24, was represented by advocate Mphile Ndzondo from
Legal Aid South Africa. Delivering the bail judgment in court earlier, Mavuso said
Maditla failed to present evidence to show that exceptional circumstances
existed that it was in the interest of justice for the court to grant her bail. He added that the court also considered the argument that
was presented by prosecutor Johan Harmse on June 14 that Maditla concealed
evidence by keeping the bodies of the children in her rented room for four
days. "The applicant [Maditla] denied her friend access to
the room and the bodies were found decomposed," said Mavuso. "It is clear the applicant is capable of concealing
evidence. Despite the fact that this case has attracted media attention, it has
also shocked the community. "It is on record that the applicant is related to state
witnesses, who include her mother. The court can therefore not guarantee that
they will not discuss the merits of this case if she is released on bail." Maditla was arrested on December 30 last year after she
handed herself over to the Vosman police station. This was shortly after the
decomposed bodies of her four children - two girls aged four and eight, and two
boys aged seven and 11 months - were found in her rented room. She faces four counts of premeditated murder.  http://https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/family-of-klarinet-mom-accused-of-killing-her-four-children-disappointed-after-failed-bail-bid-we-still-love-zinhle-and-we-forgave-her-20190624  