ACCESS to functioning libraries is a big challenge at some local schools. This is why the Molteno Institute delivers mobile libraries to schools, community centres and traditional offices in cities, towns and villages across Mzansi. Masennya Dikotla, the CEO of the Molteno Institute for Language and Literacy, said the value of a functioning school library had been recognised globally. “The mobile library units offer a practical, sustainable, timeous and cost-effective alternative to traditional libraries,” said Masennya. They ensure that all their mobile libraries are well-stocked, providing a variety of English and African language books for children in all primary school grades. From storybooks, novels, readers and biographies right through to dictionaries and encyclopedias. He said only 10% of South African schools have functioning libraries They also have Molteno’s Vula Bula book series, targeted at pupils in grade 1 to 3. These books offer entertaining stories in all Mzansi’s vernacular languages. Books in the mother tongue are important, especially for the early stage development of children’s reading ability. But no textbooks are provided. The mobile libraries serve to promote reading for enjoyment, while also complementing the curriculum. “The mobile libraries improve children’s access to books, giving them an opportunity to practise their reading skills, while enabling them to learn more about the world around them.” Masennya said once schools receive a mobile library, they can keep the unit and all the books within it. Each unit is lockable and holds an average of 300 books. As the mobile libraries have wheels, they can easily rotate within the school. Children have the opportunity to read books at their own time and within the comfort of their homes. “With more books in the household, it is hoped that parents and caregivers will be encouraged to read them to kids,” said MasennyaMolteno also recruits unemployed matriculants in communities and gives them basic librarianship skills such as cataloguing, tracing books and barcoding among other skills.