A contentious tweet by controversial singer Steve Hofmeyr
could get him more than a few hundred retweets and likes. DA Member of Parliament Phumzile van Damme on Wednesday
confirmed to News24 that she was "talking to lawyers to formulate a proper
affidavit", whereafter she would lay charges against the Afrikaans
musician over his tweet. Hofmeyr would later claim that his tweet below - which
tagged both Van Damme and Ambassador to Denmark Zindzi Mandela - was about the
definition of a public servant and "self-defence". A man known only as Johan is quickly becoming an internet
sensation after posting a video of himself braaiing and eating sausages
containing small parts of his destroyed DStv decoder. The tweet elicited a lot of anger from Twitter users. One @anna454544 tweeted: "Steve, ek is "n wit
afrikaanse 'tax paying citizen' en jou arrogansie maak my naar." "Report this as hate speech," @marangdream
commented. "I almost wasted my anger on useless things,"
@Dzongakhulu1 weighed in and Van Damme replied: "Nami. iUseless le bhari.
iBhari, yibhari, yibhari. ("Me too. This idiot is useless. Idiot, he is an
idiot, he is an idiot.") Van Damme made headlines on Tuesday after she punched a man
at the V&A Waterfront after he came into her space and allegedly said,
"voetsek you black", before throwing her phone on the ground. She tweeted a video in which she said that she had been
standing in a queue when she got involved in a quarrel with the mother of a
family at one of the supermarkets. The woman allegedly told her she would
"push [her] aside". "Then when I went out, she was standing there with her
family in a threatening manner. And I went to her and said, 'Why are you
looking at me in a threatening manner?' Then she said, 'It's because you're
black.'" After the young man allegedly approached, racially abused
and threw down her cellphone, Van Damme punched him. Waterfront spokesperson Donald Kau has since apologised for
the incident and how it was handled. 'It is because we keep quiet that racism thrives' On Wednesday, Van Damme tweeted: "I could say a lot how
I feel about those who tell me I should've 'kept quiet', 'walked away'. It is
because we keep quiet that racism thrives. Racists feel emboldened. "If I had said nothing what message would I be sending
to that family who have no doubt subjected others to the same racism? That
their conduct is OK because they know we just walk away? "What future would I be laying for those who will come
behind me? A country where racism thrives? No, Ma’am." #OurLand debate Mandela, who is SA's ambassador to Denmark, on Tuesday
reappeared on Twitter after three days of silence, following a series of tweets
from her account aimed at "apartheid apologists" and "land
thieves". On Friday, Mandela tweeted: "Dear Apartheid Apologists,
your time is over. You will not rule again. We do not fear you. Finally
#TheLandIsOurs." "Whilst I wine and dine here... wondering how the world
of shivering land thieves is doing #OurLand," was another of her
late-night tweets. Mandela trended on Saturday, as she took on social media
users who disagreed with her view on the land debate. SOURCE: NEWS24