CAMEROON forward Joel Tagueu has been forced to withdraw from the squad ahead of their opening game at the Africa Cup of Nations due to an irregular heart condition. The Cameroon team doctor detected "an abnormality in the coronary artery" that could lead to "sudden death", the Cameroonian football association said in a statement on Monday. "The coach has decided not to take any risk on the player, who will leave the team 24 hours before its first game." Reigning champions Cameroon, coached by former Dutch star Clarence Seedorf, are due to begin the defence of their title against Guinea-Bissau in Ismailia on Tuesday. EXPLAINER: FFA ditch Olyroos Thai trip, urge release of Hakeem al-Araibi An Olyroos training camp in Thailand has been scrapped as Football Federation Australia takes a stance against the detainment of refugee soccer player Hakeem al-Araibi. The 25-year-old Tagueu has spent the past 18 months on loan at Portuguese club Maritimo from Brazil's Cruzeiro. Keepie-uppie queen dazzles crowds around Africa Tanzanian ball juggler Hadhara Charles Mjeje has turned into a viral sensation thanks to her impressive football skills. Hadhara, 29, revealed that she started juggling to earn money for her two sons. She has since dazzled crowds in several countr... Canada prepares to meet Cameroon at Women's World Cup in France Canada's women's soccer team drew the Netherlands, New Zealand and Cameroon in its pool for the World Cup beginning in June across France. Canada tied the Dutch 1-1 and New Zealand 0-0 in the 2015 World Cup, when it went on finish sixth after losi... 'This is the group of death' Baciro Cande Defending champions Cameroon face Guinea-Bissau in their opening Group F African Cup of Nations game at the Ismailia Stadium in Egypt on Tuesday, four days before taking on four-time champions Ghana. Clarence Seedorf's side haven't had the most id... 'Seedorf left me astonished' - Tite on Cameron boss as a player Headcoach Tite insists that there are places up for grabs in his Brazilian side as they prepare to take on Cameroon on Tuesday (20th November). Ravages of time on an African cocoa plantation Time has not been kind to Agostinho Neto. In this town in Sao Tome and Principe, a small archipelago in the Gulf of Guinea off Africa's western coast and once the world's leading cocoa exporter, former workers of colonial cocoa and coffee plantati... France hands over 1400 assault rifles to C.Africa France hands over 1,400 assault rifles to the Central African armed forces (Faca), thus reaffirming, in the face of Russia's growing influence, its support for the conflict-torn country. French Defence Minister Florence Parly oversaw the handover ... Cameroon votes, chaos silences English speakers Tens of thousands of Cameroon's English-speaking minority are packing their bags and fleeing their homes before Sunday's presidential election. But the violence there between government forces and seperatists may actually benefit the incumbent pre... 79 school pupils kidnapped in troubled Cameroon region Gunmen kidnap 79 school students in an English-speaking region of Cameroon where separatists are fighting an armed campaign for independence, security and government sources said. 'A dream to play Brazil' - Brighton defender Bong ahead of Cameroon friendly Cameroon defender Gaeten Bong describes facing Brazil as "a dream" ahead of the sides playing a friendly international on Tuesday (20th November). CAF confirm Cameroon will not host 2019 Africa Cup of Nations The Confederation of African Football (CAF) confirmed on Friday (30th November), after talks in Ghana, that Cameroon will not host the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations. Cameroonian mechanic offers fresh take on second-hand cars In Bafoussam, in western Cameroon, young mechanic Cédric Simen shows off his latest creation: an off-road vehicle made from recovered and recycled parts. His atypical "made in Cameroon" car tends to get a surprised reaction from local residents as... Cameroonian villagers assess damage done by stampeding elephants Residents of Bougai, village in the north of Cameroon, are struggling to deal with the issue of hungry elephants marauding through their crops. This is not the first time that pachyderms have left the reserve to feed in the village's millet and so... Thousands flee Cameroon's Anglophone clashes Lydia Ndobo and her family are among thousands who have fled their homes amid violence between Cameroon's military and armed separatists in the country's English-speaking regions. Scores of child hostages released in Cameroon Kidnappers have released scores of children abducted from a school in Bamenda, west Cameroon early this week. But two teachers and two children are still missing. Fighting for acceptance A refugee from Cameroon boxes in South Korea. He explains why it's a battle to be accepted. CAF reportedly withdraw 2019 AFCON hosting right from Cameroon It was reported on Friday (30th November) the Confederation of African Football, CAF, have withdrawn the 2019 African Cup of Nations hosting right from Cameroon. Eto'o inspires children with brilliant message in Cameroon Former Barcelona and Inter Milan star Samuel Eto'o attended a football clinic with students at the Bindia Public School in the town of Mandjou in Cameroon on Monday. The 38 year-old Qatar SC forward led a light workout session with the children at... A Cameroon video games company helps entrepreneurs to the next level Kiro'o Games has established itself as the first major video games company in Central Africa. Now the Cameroonian business is training young entrepreneurs. A Cameroon video games company helps entrepreneurs to the next level Kiro'o Games has established itself as the first major video games company in Central Africa. Now the Cameroonian business is training young entrepreneurs. Hundreds stranded in Cameroon's Anglophone region, as separatists block roads Passengers and traders have been left stranded on the Kumba-Buea highway in Western, Cameroon since last weekend after armed group erected barricades and road blocks. Cameroon offers cash and training for new farmers Young people in Cameroon are being offered free training and a $200 grant to take up a career in agriculture. For some, it's already paying dividends. Watch: Models with disabilities aim to break down barriers in Cameroon There are 2 million people with disabilities in the country and most have limited access to education, healthcare and employment. ‘I work to reach perfection’ Alisson The Brazil national squad's goalkeeper Alisson Becker admits his record transfer fee puts an extra pressure on him at Liverpool. Cameroon: 187 ex-Boko Haram fighters surrender arms Some 187 Cameroonian former members of the Nigerian jihadist group Boko Haram voluntarily return to their country from Nigeria. They were taken to the base of the Multinational Joint Task Force, set up by Nigeria, Cameroon, Chad and Niger. People the Size of a Fist - Part 2 Delve into the daily life, traditions and customs of the Baka Pygmies. 'Easier to play Brazil than Malawi' - Seedorf speaks before Cameroon match Cameroon coach Clarence Seedorf speaks to the media ahead of his side's friendly international against Brazil on Tuesday (20th November). ‘Cavani and Suarez never lose the ball’ Marquinhos Brazil's defender Marquinhos Correa is looking ahead to facing his PSG teammate Edinson Cavani in an international friendly against Uruguay on Friday (16th November). High spirit for African teams ahead of women's World Cup Three African teams have qualified for football’s Women's World Cup in France : Nigeria, Cameroon and South Africa. AFP reviews each squad. A VOICED AFPTV REPORT Nigeria's presidential election in numbers As Nigerians prepare to head to the polls on Feb. 16 to elect a president, here's a look at Africa's biggest oil producer in numbers. Seedorf hails team effort against Brazil following Cameroon defeat Reaction after Paris Saint-Germain striker Neymar was substituted with an apparent groin injury during the first half of Brazil's 1-0 win over Cameroon in an international friendly at Stadium MK in England on Tuesday (20th November).