Gqom singer "Babes Wodumo", real name Bongekile Simelane, failed to make her most recent court appearance, allegedly due to a stomach-related illness. The singer lodged an assault case against her then boyfriend, Mandla "Mampintsha" Maphumulo, earlier this year and Mampintsha was later arrested. On Tuesday, the magistrate's court in Pinetown was expected to bring the case to a close but Wodumo was a no-show. Mampintsha, who was sitting on a bench in the court's corridor, could be seen making several attempts to reach her but it looked as if he was unsuccessful. In a mostly empty courtroom, prosecutor Ndoda January later told Magistrate Pillay that Wodumo couldn't make it to court because she was ill. The magistrate was not satisfied and demanded to know what was wrong with her. The prosecutor said he suspected she had a "stomach ache" but would check. The magistrate then said Wodumo "had been warned that she must be in court today" and added that she would have to bring a medical certificate along to her next appearance as proof of her illness. The magistrate further advised Mampintsha to sort things out with Wodumo or the case would go ahead as normal. The prosecutor told the magistrate that Wodumo and Mampintsha had started with their court-mandated Family and Marriage Society of SA counselling sessions but that social workers needed more time to draft a report. According to Mampintsha's lawyer, Pat Magwaza, they only attended one session. "They are supposed to attend these sessions every Tuesday. So far, they are left with three more sessions then a report can be finalised and sent to court," Magwaza said. "If she comes back to court with no medical certificate then the defence (Mampintsha's lawyer) can ask the court to dismiss the charges," advocate Lesala Mofokeng, a senior lecturer at the University of KZN, told DRUM. "Also, the court will be within its right to withdraw the charges against Mampintsha." Natasha Kara, spokesperson for the National Prosecuting Authority in KwaZulu-Natal, says the case has been postponed to July 9. "This is because the complainant was not available as she was sick. We will have to wait for the next appearance for finalisation of this matter." DRUM tried to contact Wodumo's manager, Nondumiso Simelane, for comment but the calls were not answered. http://https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/babes-wodumo-fails-to-make-court-appearance-20190611 