ORLANDO Pirates boss Irvin Khoza knows better than to expect instant success from the new signings. Quoting the famous Kgoloko Thobejane, Khoza explains: “Football is a dangerous game, it can kill. “If you say you are going to predict the future and be confident‚ you are going to have a heart attack. “I’m protecting myself. I want to live a bit longer.” Expectations have been heightened among the Buccaneers fans after the club announced five new recruits this week. The team have gone five seasons without silverware, and a lot is expected from new signings such as Siphesihle Ndlovu, Fortune Makaringe and Gabadinho Mhango. Mamelodi Sundowns have enjoyed domestic success as Bucs and their Soweto rivals, Kaizer Chiefs, kept stumbling. But Khoza explains bringing in the new faces may not necessarily translate into immediate success. “In football, you can’t expect anything‚” said Khoza. “Football is a game of luck on the day, when you are working. “We’ve got teams internationally that are buying players every season‚ but that’s not a guarantee for success. “Football has got so many variables. In the last season, nobody predicted the outcome of the results until the last day. That is why we pontificate as if we know we’ve got God-given psychic powers to determine the future. “We can only do the best we can to prepare the team… give it a chance to be able to give the results that we hope for.” Khoza has also clarified Thabo Matlaba’s exit, reiterating that the utility player refused a pay cut. He said: “We wanted to keep him and asked him to make consideration on his package and come back with a proposal. But he could not see himself reducing his package, and he wanted his clearance. “Juan Mata at Manchester United, because of the same situation, he was asked to consider and I think he changed his package by less than £45 000. “You must understand the reality of football. When you get to a certain age, you are no longer a youngster. “But unfortunately, due to his circumstances, he needed to go elsewhere and maybe maintain the same kind of salary. “Ours was an all-encompassing package, which included his future beyond his playing days. It was sad to lose someone as disciplined like Matlaba.”