BAFANA Bafana midfielder Dean Furman is hoping to “achieve big things” at the upcoming Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon). The continental showpiece kicks off on Friday in Egypt but Bafana open their campaign against the Ivory Coast at the Al-Salam Stadium in Cairo on Monday (4:30pm). Bafana are in a difficult Group D which also has the likes of Morroco and Namibia. Furman, though, believes Bafana are capable of going far at the tournament. WE CAN ACHIEVE BIG THINGS AT AFCON – FURMAN Bafana Bafana midfilder, Dean Furman, speaks from Cairo, Egypt. “We believe,’ said Furman. “Is a strong team, we come into the tournament with a lot of confidence based on our qualification campaign where we went undefeated. “Our victories against Nigeria and Libya have given us a lot to be confident about.“ The 30-year-old SuperSport United skipper is aware, though, that it will be a difficult task. “The powerhouses of African football can be the favourites, we are happy with where we are,” added Furman. “We know we’ve got quality in this team. We are not even favourites in our group but we have a lot of belief in our squad. “First target is to get out of the group, after we can start thinking about going further, it’s a knockout competition and anything is possible.”  Nigeria AFCON team profile Team profile of Nigeria, who will compete in this years Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON). Ghana urges people of African heritage to 'come home' In an effort to boost Ghana's economy, the government is aiming to reverse outward migration in 2019 by encouraging the country's diaspora to return home, despite the economic problems the west African country is still facing. Ghana jabs back against malaria's devastation Malaria kills hundreds of thousands of people every year, mainly in Africa. Known by its lab initials, "RTS,S" is the first vaccine that has demonstrated it can significantly reduce malaria in children. In clinical trials, the vaccine was found to... The treasure of Tutankamun Videographic presenting the life of ancient Egypt's boy pharaoh Tutankhamun. A blockbuster Tutankhamun show in Paris has been extended for a week with more than 800,000 people already buying tickets for the exhibition.