A high-level task team has been deployed to investigate a spate of
murders of homeless people in Tshwane, after a fifth body was found on
Wednesday morning. Police confirmed that the fifth body, believed to be that of a homeless
person, was found in Muckleneuk. All five victims were found in different parts of Muckleneuk in the last
month. Police have also confirmed that the five were homeless middle-aged
males. They were all killed at night. The first body was found almost three weeks ago in a veld near the Mears
Park train station, in Muckleneuk. Two more bodies were found in Magnolia Park on June 8 and 9. Magnolia Park and Mears Park train station are situated close to each
other. Subject to investigation It appeared that the first three people were murdered in a similar
manner. "Though the deceased were found to have suffered blunt force trauma
and multiple stab wounds to the upper body, the motive behind the killings and
their identities remain subject to an investigation," police spokesperson
Captain Daniel Mavimbela said. The fourth body was found on a pavement on the corner of Justice
Mohammed and Troye streets on Tuesday morning. "The exact cause of death and the motive behind the most recent
killing are a subject of investigations since preliminarily, the investigation
could only reveal that the deceased had suffered an injury towards the back of the
head," Mavimbela said. Coinciding with the discovery of the fifth body, Gauteng police
commissioner Lieutenant General Elias Mawela instructed a high-level task team,
comprising forensics specialists, including pathologists and criminal
psychologists, Crime Intelligence officers and detectives, to prioritise the
investigation. "Without sowing panic amongst our communities, especially in the
Muckleneuk area, we want to caution the public to be vigilant and be aware of
this nocturnal prowler preying on the vulnerable. Ours, as the police, is to
work around the clock and make sure that this madness is brought to an end. For
now, we are in the process of getting these homeless people into
shelters," Mawela said. Anyone who has information that may assist police to solve the murders
can anonymously contact the Sunnyside police station or call Crime Stop on
08600 10111. SOURCE: NEWS24