DESPITE not getting positive results in their first two Fifa World Cup matches, Banyana Banyana goalkeeper Kaylin Swart says they will still represent the country with pride in their last match against Germany. On Friday Banyana Travelled to Montpellier where they will play their last group stage match against Germany, who have already booked their spot in the last-16 of the tournament. The match is scheduled to take place at the 32,900-seater La Mosson Stadium on Monday night 6pm. Germany is leading group B after collecting six points from two 1-0 victories over China and Spain respectively.With a game remaining in the group stages, Banyana are languishing at the bottom of the group without a point. Spain and China are second and third with three points each. Banyana could still progress to the next round with a victory over Germany in their final group match on Monday, but they would need to rely on other results to go their way, and that seems highly unlikely. Swart got in the lineup as replacement for Andile Dlamini who picked up injury at the eleventh hour on the eve ahead of match against China. It is Swart’s second World Cup after playing at the Under-17 World Cup in Trinidad and Tobago.Swart has embraced the competition between her and Dlamini. She said: “I have worked extremely hard it is just about staying ready. Our position (goalkeeping) is very competitive and I do not think the coach could ask for a better goalkeeper department Andile (Dlamini). "We push each other and work extremely hard. I think the coaches are proud of what they produced. It is tough to come for the second game, but I had a great game, Andile as well in the opening match. “We have already showed what we capable of doing we did not just give it away cheaply. We have made history and we will continue making history. “We are going to keep our heads up we going to the next one with a lot of pride to play for.” "Germany is a big team, one of the best in the World, we are not going to give it away. We are making progress despite the results. But the last one against Germany should be a good one."