EFF leader Julius Malema's plan for the EFF to assume
control of Tshwane may be weakening after the DA reaffirmed its position in
governing the capital city, with the ANC's support. Malema has said on several occasions that the EFF wants the
mayorship in Tshwane. In March, he said that, after elections, the EFF would be
going into government and that they would have a mayor in Tshwane. However, on Tuesday, DA leader Mmusi Maimane reiterated that
the party would not be moving out of Tshwane, adding that it was not in a formal
coalition with the EFF. "So, I think we must be clear on where we stand on this
issue. So, we have gone back, and as early as tomorrow, or the next couple of
days, we'll be meeting with the other opposition leaders to put the question of
the EFF put before us,” Maimane told media in Cape Town. "But at this point in time, we have a mayor in Tshwane,
who is working to deliver services to the people. We are certainly, from where
we stand, not moving out of the city of Tshwane. The ANC in Tshwane has also thrown its weight behind the DA,
for the time being, after the Tshwane 2019/20 budget was approved in May. EFF are 'irrelevant' in Tshwane Tshwane ANC chairperson Kgosi Maepa told News24 that a deal
had been struck with the DA to vote in favour of the budget, which is a
pro-poor budget that would see a large capital injection into regions where the
ANC finds most of its support. While Maepa maintained that they would vote issue by issue,
with no clear allegiance carved out between the DA and the ANC, he did say
that, currently, there was a multiparty arrangement in Tshwane. The only party that appears to be on the outside is the EFF,
which cast a dissenting vote on the budget. Maepa said the outcome of the budget vote was a clear
indication that the EFF had become "irrelevant" in Tshwane. "It is now clear that the EFF is more interested in
playing 'palace politics' at the expense of our communities and welfare of our
people," the ANC in Tshwane said. 'We want to see something' In a statement on Wednesday, the ANC called Malema "the
fake commander-in-chief who has never led any army before". "Julius Malema convened the media to outline his plan
to take over the City of Tshwane, with a measly 11% of the vote garnered in the
2016 Local Government Elections, by coercing the DA to hand over the mayoral
chain to his 'Toy Soldiers'," the ANC statement read. "He said the City of Tshwane would have a new EFF
executive mayor in June. "Seeing that we are now in the month of June, we would
like to ask, what happened to those bold plans? Is the EFF going to submit a
motion of no confidence in Councillor Stevens Mokgalapa at the council sitting
of June? Or have they done a sudden U-turn as we are accustomed to from them? "We would like to urge the fake commander-in-chief to
go ahead with his bold plans in the next council; we want to see
something!" News24 requested comment from the EFF, which will be added
once received. SOURCE: NEWS24