SIXTY-TWO! That is the whopping number of points deducted from Limpopo ABC Motsepe League club, Madridtas, for fielding an improperly registered player. This unprecedented ruling has not only ended Madridtas national play-offs’ dream, but it has also flushed the Polokwane-based side down to the fourth-tier SAB League. Mikhado FC have since been declared the 2018-19 winners and are now headed for the play-offs in Cape Town. But not so fast! Says Madridtas boss Makgabo Letsoalo, who is appealing the outcome of DC he calls a farce. “The DC chairman targeted me specifically. He allowed a case that does not comply to sit,” said a fuming Letsoalo. “I knew the outcome beforehand. But I’m going to fight at the Safa arbitration on Friday. I’ve send the Safa president a direct email. I don’t trust any of these officials.” According to Letsoalo, the DC argued Martin Nsimbi, scorer of 30 goals in 30 matches, had not been properly registered. This is despite an affidavit from Phiva Young Stars, Nsimbi’s former club, declaring him a Madridtas player. “We played against Mikhado, home and away. They never protested or complained. They verified Nsimbi through MYSafa. Now that the league is finished, they are using Dolphins to lodge a protest. “Every season, rich people buy the play-offs through corrupt officials. We are sick are tired of corruption!” This is one of the many cases that have thrown doubt on the impending play-offs, kicking off on Tuesday. And the chaos doesn’t end here. It is unclear who will represent Gauteng at the play-offs between Dondol Stars and JDR Stars. Safa are expected to issue a verdict in the case of suspected bribery involving Dondol. SunSport is in possession of proof of payment showing that money was allegedly paid into bank accounts of referees. Dondol won the league, but could be stopped in their tracks, should they be found guilty. The case is back on the roll after the Gauteng Provincial Executive (PEC) committee withdrew it in a suspected cover-up job. Strengthening Safa’s case is the confession by one of the match officials. When Danny Jordaan declared war on match-fixing and corruption, it seems the Safa president had little idea of the extent of rot in his association. Will he act decisively this time?