IT’S OFFICIAL. Nhlanhla Nciza and Thembinkosi “TK” Nciza are no longer together. The separation is described as “amicable” – but falling out of love is never simple. ACCORDING TO SOURCES, IT HAS NOT BEEN EASY! The star of the music duo Mafikizolo shocked fans on Wednesday morning when she announced on her Instagram page that she and her husband had split up. She wrote: “After almost 15 years of our strong bond of marriage, my husband TK Nciza and I have come to a tough but amicable decision to bring an end to our union.” She said she was thankful for the support they gave each other over the years. “At this stage we would like to appeal for privacy, particularly for the sake of our children. We thank you.” But according to sources close to both of them their journey has not always been plain sailing. A source said that even though they had recently been living apart, there was no bad blood between them. The source said: “They both saw that even though they loved each other, they were no longer in love with each other. “They tried to make things work by seeking counselling and even involving their families but it didn’t work.” The source said that they been on shaky ground for over a year. A second source close to the situation said the two grew apart. “Their schedules did not allow them to spend time together and TK’s political career took its toll on their relationship. “Also, Nhlanhla is always in and out of the country performing with Mafikizolo.” The source told the People’s Paper that even when things were falling apart they put up a united front. “Nhlanhla tried to make it work but things were beyond their control. I guess you can blame their careers,” said the source. “They have had their ups and downs and still managed to rise above it but this time there was nothing that could save their marriage.” A third source said Nhlanhla and TK had not been affectionate towards each other for some time. “At her 40th birthday celebration last year, one could see that things were no longer the same between them. “Their speeches didn’t praise each other as they used to and they didn’t even dance together at the after party,” added the source. Another guest at the party confirmed that they were not as close as they had previously been. Attorney David Feinberg said: “The statement was jointly prepared by Mr and Mrs Nciza and is a factual representation of their joint position. “The decision was amicable and they do not intend sharing any other information relating to this matter with the media.” 