IN THE days leading up the ICC Cricket World Cup, the Proteas hiked up the Table Mountain to draw some inspiration. But they clearly had no idea they would actually face the “Everest” in the United Kingdom. Three games into the tournament and already the picture looks gloomy for South Africa. They are still at the foothills of a huge mountain, still chasing their first win in three matches. At this rate, it doesn’t look like they will be breaking their duck anytime soon. They come up against The West Indies, another formidable foe, at the Rose Bowl Cricket Ground in Hampshire tomorrow, practically on the brink of elimination. Wobbling, Faf du Plessis’s men have to win all six of their remaining matches to reach the semifinals. A woeful top order performance, a soft mid-order and tail which can’t even wag, South Africa have been utterly shambolic at the tournament. “Can’t bat can’t bowl, can’t field!”, screamed one headline after their last match. They got off to a terrible start with a defeat to hosts England, before embarrassingly crashed to Bangladesh. It went from bad to worse with defeat to India as South Africa completed their worst start in eight World Cup campaigns. Injuries to pace bowlers Lungi Ngidi and Dale Steyn haven’t made things any easier. “The change-room is hurting, the guys are a little down. But we’re still fighting. If we had Steyn and Ngidi, we’d have the a chance to attack with overcast conditions,” said Du Plessis. Whether or not AB de Villiers could have been allowed to come out of retirement, remains debatable. But the team can seriously do with someone who can strap on the pads, walk onto the crease and smack the ball all over the park. The West Indies are spitting fire after they were hard done by some dubious umpiring as they lost by 15 runs to Australia on Thursday. The Proteas can anticipate a backlash of sorts from a team they haven’t faced in nearly three years. The two last met in theTri-Nations Series which also included champions Australia. Fast bowler, Kagiso Rabada, will once again carry Mzansi hopes with the ball. But one can’t quite predict who will deliver with the bat. This one is simply a win-or-bust for South Africa.