Banyana Banyana coach Desiree Ellis is disappointed by her side’s failure to progress to the knockout stages of the ongoing FIFA Women’s World Cup in France. However, she insists that there were plenty of positive to take from their campaign. Banyana were sent packing early after they lost all three of their games against Spain, China and  Germany to finish bottom of Group B. “Its mixed emotions because we have played really well but we didn’t get the results we deserved,” said Ellis. ELLIS: PLENTY OF POSITIVES Daily Sun speaks to Banyana Banyana head coach, Desiree Ellis, after the Germany match. “We believed and we felt that we had a chance but unfortunately we are just disappointed that we couldn’t make it out of our group. “But there is a lot of potential here, we have shown that if we are consecrated for 90 minutes, we can match any team in the word and hopefully in the not so distant future we can start banging in the goals because it’s the only thing that’s missing from this team.” Ellis said the experience they gained at the World Cup will serve her side well in the future. Added Ellis: “We know that we are close to the big teams, whatever effort we have put in during this tournament cannot go to waste. We have the COSAFA Cup coming up where we are the defending champions and we should show why we were one of 24 federation that were at the World Cup. “We also have the Olympic qualifiers coming up after that, it would be fantastic for this country if we can go there for the third consecutive time.”  FIFA hope 2022 World Cup will have 48 teams FIFA president Gianni Infantino said on Thursday that he remains hopeful that the 2022 World Cup finals in Qatar can be expanded to 48 teams from its currently agreed 32.    Speaking at the UEFA Congress in Rome, Infantino called for the feasiblit... FIFA's Samoura says Russia sets bar high for Qatar 2022 World Cup FIFA Secretary General Fatma Samoura believes Russia's staging of the soccer World Cup has set the bar high for Qatar, the tournament's next hosts in 2022. Charlie Hebdo cover is 'inappropriate' says Samantha Mewis Samantha Mewis hoped the FIFA Women's World Cup would help the people to respect female footballers more as she reacted to the "inappropriate" front cover on the French magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris on Thursday. The defending champions and three... IT WAS A LEARNING CURVE - DLAMINI Daily Sun speaks to Banyana Banyana goalkeeper, Andile Dlamini, after the Germany match.