 In a study, nicotine was not all that was found in
the vapour of many electronic cigarettes... they also contained bacterial
toxins and fungal elements. San Francisco closer to banning e-cigarette sales San Francisco supervisors have voted unanimously to
move the city toward becoming the first in the United States to ban all sales
of electronic cigarettes. e-cigarettes, vaping E-cigarettes may not be as clean as one would
expect.  ~ You might need to worry about inhaling more than
just nicotine when you vape: New research warns that many electronic cigarettes
appear to be contaminated with fungi and bacteria. The finding stems from a close look at the contents
of 75 popular vaping products. Bacterial toxins About half of the e-cigarettes examined were of the
single-use cartridge variety, while the other half were refillable products.
Both contained liquid laced with nicotine, along with other chemicals. Once a
user takes a puff, a battery-powered heating device vaporises the liquid,
turning it into inhalable vapour. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration will issue a
ban on the sale of fruit and candy flavored electronic cigarettes to fight
teenage vaping epidemic. But nicotine was not all that was found in the
vapour of many products. Study author Dr David Christiani said 23% of the
electronic cigarette products they examined contained bacterial toxins, while
81% tested positive for a substance called glucan, which is found on the
cellular structures of most fungi. "The contamination took place in electronic
cigarette liquid and in the cartridges," Christiani said, although the
cartridge e-cigarettes contained more than three times more glucan than the
refillable liquid e-cigarettes. Christiani, director of the environmental and
occupational medicine and epidemiology programme at Harvard's T.H. Chan School
of Public Health, characterised the findings as "surprising". But
when asked if the identified contaminants actually pose a danger to vapers, he
suggested the jury is still out on that question. Potentially, "they are toxic", Christiani
said. That means that, over time, exposure to high amounts of such contaminants
can prompt the onset of progressive lung illnesses such as emphysema, chronic
bronchitis and asthma. Exploding popularity But as a practical matter, Christiani noted that
the contaminant levels his team found in e-cigarettes was actually
"considerably lower" than levels "that have been shown to cause
lung disease" in workplace environments where manufacturing chemicals
abound. What's more, such contaminants are also found in
standard cigarettes, where levels "are [also] generally higher than what
we measured here," he added. The bottom line: "At this time, we do not have
scientific evidence that the levels we see in these electronic cigarette
products raise health concerns," Christiani concluded. Still, he cautioned, "We do not know what the
risk is with long-term usage, with increasing cumulative dose, and with the
interaction between these contaminants and other potentially toxic agents we
and others have found in electronic cigarette products, such as flavourants or
industrial solvents." Christiani's team noted that the popularity of
e-cigarettes has exploded in just a few years, particularly among young users.
For example, the authors pointed out that while just 220 000 high school
students vaped in 2011, last year that figure hit more than three million. And though many experts take the position that
vaping is probably a safer option than smoking standard cigarettes, as its use
has grown, so has public health scrutiny. More study needed As to what might cause contamination, the study
team said it could happen at any point during the production process. But they
also pointed a finger at the cotton fibre wicks found in e-cigarette
cartridges, given that such fibres are known to host both bacteria and fungi. Regardless of whether such contaminants ultimately
pose a significant risk, "vaping is potentially harmful to your health,
and [it's best] not to do it," Christiani said. "More study is needed
to determine whether vaping can be made safer by removal of all contaminants
and adulterants." The study was published online in the journal
Environmental Health Perspectives. Victoria Stevens is scientific director of
epidemiology research with the American Cancer Society. She agreed that "a
more complete understanding of what's in e-cig products, and what their users
are exposed to, would help define some of the potential risk of vaping". Stevens pointed out, for example, that the
bacterial and fungal properties that the study team found in e-cigarettes
"are common contaminants, and are found in things like household
dust". So she suggested that until more research clarifies
exactly how much exposure vapers face – in terms of both what is found in
vaping devices and what users actually inhale – "it is unclear whether
this contamination is a cause for concern". SOURCE: HEALTH24