THE 2015 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) winners, Ivory Coast, don’t have the so-called golden generation of the past anymore and South Africa can beat them. That’s according to former Bafana Bafana midfielder, Eric Tinkler. The 1996 champions, who are returning to continental showpiece after missing the 2017 event in Gabon, will face the Elephants in Cairo at Al Salam Stadium in the opening Group D match tomorrow. Mzansi last met the West African side in the annual Nelson Mandela Challenge in 2011 and the game ended in a 1-1 draw. “They (Ivory Coast) are beatable and are not the same old powerhouse we knew previously. Right now I don’t see them like they used to be,” said Tinkler. The Elephants had a plethora of talent and were a force to be reckoned with in Africa for a long time. They had the likes of Didier Drogba, Yaya and Kolo Toure, Arouna Dindane, Bakary Kone, Arthur Boka, Didier Zokora, Salomon Kalou and Emanuel Eboué. As a result, Tinkler believes the current squad is not on the same level. The only danger will come in the form of Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace, Jean Michel Seri (Fulham), Franck Kessie (AC Milan), Serge Aurier (Tottenham Hotspur) and Lille forward Nicolas Pepe. Added Tinkler: “You’re still going to find players playing in Europe and we have to be wary of that. We couldn’t beat Seychelles. “You can’t take everyone lightly and that’s a harsh reality. We’re not playing against Seychelles and need to think about that. “Are Ivory Coast as good as they used to? “No. But don’t underestimate them, they’re a tough team to beat.” Bafana go to this game without having won an opening group match at Afcon since beating Benin in 2004 in Tunisia. In 2006 in Egypt, 2008 in Ghana, 2013 in Mzansi and 2015 in Equatorial Guinea and 2017 in Gabon, they failed to win their opening matches. Tinkler, a member of the squad that claimed the trophy 23 years ago, says winning the first match of the competition is important as it sets the tone and gives the team a head start. “The first match is always key, irrespective of who you’re playing against. You need to collect three points,” added Tinkler. “If you collect the three points there, the job becomes slightly easier. The motivation and the morale is high. But if you lose that game, it gets complicated.” After meeting Ivory Coast, Bafana will face Namibia on 28 June, also at Al Salam Stadium. They will conclude the group matches on 1 July against 2004 finalists Morocco, also at the same venue.