ZIMBABWE cannot afford to drop any more points if they are to make the current Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) campaign a memorable one by reaching the knockout stages. The Warriors, who are into their fourth Afcon appearance, have never made it out of the group stages on four occasions. They did not get off to a good start this years as they were narrowly defeated 1-0 by hosts and tournament favourites Egypt in the opening Group A match. Zimbabwe held their own against the more fancied Pharaohs in front of their vociferous home fans, but they will have to give a little more for victory in their second match. They face Uganda at the Cairo International Stadium in the Egyptian capital on Wednesday nigfht (7pm). Although their overall performance was encouraging, Zimbabwe coach Sunday Chidzambwa would prefer the points in the bag. He has urged his charges to go all out for victory against the Cranes “We need to work hard in our second game against Uganda, and make sure that we get maximum points,” said Chidzambwa. “This thing of playing well and losing games must stop. I don’t like it.” Chidzambwa was impressed by left-back Devine Lunga’s performance against the Pharoahs after he managed to keep superstar Mohamed Salah quiet for most of the match. “I thought he did well playing against a world class winger,” added Chidzambwa. “If he can keep the same form in our coming games, then we will know that the defensive department is covered.” The  Cranes, however, will likely pose a difficult challenge for the Warriors as they will be full of confidence following their shock 2-0 win over the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). The victory was the first in 41 years at the tournament for them having last won in 1978 when they finished as runners up to hosts Ghana. They find themselves in unfamiliar territory in recent years, top of Group A ahead of Egypt, Zimbabwe and DRC. They will now be hoping to all but seal their passage to the knockout stages as well as their opponents’ fate with victory over the Warriors. Nigeria coach Gernot Rohr blamed illness for a lacklustre showing. “Some players started training only a few days before the match after becoming ill due to the change in climate from wet Nigeria to hot Egypt. “We are thrilled to be here after failing to qualify for the last two Africa Cup of Nations. “But I expect a much better performance against a very good Guinea side today,” said Rohr.