eThekwini's
acting mayor, Fawzia Peer, was back at work on Friday following a scare over
"poisoned" water, according to a municipality tweet. "We
are glad to be joined by Acting Mayor @FawziaPeer Fawzia Peer who will be
wrapping up the fruitful meeting," tweeted @eThekwiniM. "Addressing
the poison incident, she confirmed that she is doing well and is thankful for
the public's concern and well wishes." Peer was
attending a meeting of the African Forum for Urban Security (AFUS), which
commissioned research on the status of women's safety in different countries. A full
eThekwini metro council meeting was delayed on Thursday, apparently after ANC
councillors wanted City manager, Sipho Nzuza, to exit the meeting. It also
develops "exchange and collaborations mechanisms between the various
municipal safer cities coordinating teams". Peer's
arrival followed dramatic scenes on Thursday, after two councillors tweeted
that Speaker William Lekgoa Mapena had announced that there was paraffin in one
of the water bottles handed out during the meeting. Peer
reportedly left "abruptly", covering her mouth. The
municipality released a statement on Thursday, denying allegations that Peer
had been "poisoned". It said that, as a precaution, she had gone to a
doctor for a check up. "The
water she consumed has been sent to the laboratory for testing. We will wait
for the results from the laboratory, as well as her doctor's findings, before
making any conclusion on the matter," the council stated. The council
was expected to release a statement later on Friday, according to a
spokesperson. It is still
unclear what transpired during the meeting, or whether the incident was an
accident or deliberate. Police
spokesperson Colonel Thulani Zwane said: "We know nothing about it." Earlier on
Thursdsay, council was delayed after ANC councillors allegedly wanted the city
manager, Sipho Nzuza, to exit the meeting. An
altercation ensued, with Nzuza's security detail having to step in to protect
him. Mayor
Zandile Gumede has been put on special leave by the ANC, the party she
represents, while accusations of corruption related to a Durban Solid Waste
Tender worth over R200m are probed. In the
meantime, Peer has also had to deal with other pressing matters such as whether
money owed by the Department of Public Works to the council should be written
off, according to IOL. SOURCE:
NEWS24