SCHOOLS close for the winter holidays today. But many boys will be heading to the mountains to become men. A grade 10 pupil from Sebokeng told Daily Sun he was excited about his imminent transition to manhood. “I’ve been praying for this moment for a long time. I can’t wait,” said the 16-year-old. Another pupil, a 14-year-old boy from Orange Farm, said his parents had given him their blessing and was looking forward to starting the journey to manhood. His mother said she let him go instead of him being taken away forcefully by illegal initiators. The boy’s father said he was excited. “I have been there myself and I know the excitement he is experiencing” said the father. “It’s good if parents allow their boys to go through this process via a registered initiator,” the boy’s mother said. Lebogang Maile, Gauteng MEC for co-operative governance and traditional affairs, said the Cultural, Religious and Linguistic Rights Commission’s suspension of customary initiation had been lifted to coincide with the winter school holidays. Over the years, unregistered or illegal initiation schools put the boys’ safety at risk. Many initiates died. “We have seen a growing number of people parading as legitimate or genuine initiation experts, opening up bogus initiation schools in order to make money, and putting the lives of young initiates at risk,” said Maile. He said Gauteng Municipalities was ready for the initiation season. The national department of co-operative governance and traditional affairs established a team to monitor legal initiation schools and close illegal ones. The team is led by Prince George Mahlangu of the Amandebele Ndzundza Sokhulumi. The department of health will provide health services to initiates, including pre-admission health screening, health services for abused initiates and monitoring of permitted initiation schools. Maile urged communities to identify and report illegitimate initiation schools. “The illegal operation of initiation schools is often associated with abductions, abuse, deaths, amputations and injuries. These unlawful practices will not be tolerated in Gauteng,” he warned. He also urged parents to follow the correct way to enrol their children in authorised initiation schools. “Any child found in an unregistered initiation school will be regarded as abducted and the relevant legislation will be enforced,” he said. To ensure the safety of initiates as well as the proper regulation and management of customary initiation schools, Gauteng municipalities have to been advised to adhere to the strict conditions developed by the Cultural, Religious and Linguistic Rights Commission. These conditions include: