 LATER TODAY, Bafana carry the hopes of a nation onto the field with them and captain Thulani Hlatshwayo is aware of it. “The guys are focused. We’re looking forward to starting today,” he said. “WE KNOW WHY WE ARE HERE!” Head coach Stuart Baxter has placed his trust in the strike partnership of Percy Tau and Lebogang Mothiba to hand the team a great run at the African Cup of Nations in Egypt. Baxter believes the two can be as important as Mo Salah is to Egypt or Sadio Mane to Senegal. South Africa kick off their campaign against former champions Ivory Coast this afternoon. “It’s one-and-a-half years since we decided to change the formation and regenerate the squad. “Percy and Lebo have come together as a strike partnership,” Baxter told Daily Sun at the team’s hotel in Cairo. “Asking them to outperform Salah or Mane this time might may be a big ask but they must be as important to South Africa as those players are to their countries. “We have the youngest strikers. We are in a much better place than we were a year ago.” Even though Baxter was raving about the luxury in attack, he warned that keeping it solid at the back was important against the Ivorian strike force of Wilfred Zaha, Nicolas Pepe and veteran Winfred Bony. He said that defence players should not cost a team’s attacking play and the attack should not cost a team’s defensive play. “If we can get that balance right, teams like Ivory Coast and Morocco will have a tough time against us. “No matter what we do in the front we have to be backed by a well organised solid defence. “Stopping a goal is just as important as scoring a goal.” Baxter admitted that having Lars Veldwijk in the team from his season in the Dutch league was a plus. As for how he’d compensate for the team’s lack of practice matches, Baxter hinted that he will probably stick to the same line-up he has had for the better part of the qualifiers. “We would have liked two more matches, that’s no secret. “Maybe in those matches people could have put their hands up, “But lacking that, my selection will be based on little more on what we have done in the past, on who we can trust and who we know has done the job for us before.” 