Volkswagen has released more info on its much-anticipated T-Cross compact SUV which is probably to take the market by storm when it arrives at local dealerships in the third quarter. It will become the entry-level SUV for VW and will sit below the Tiguan, Tiguan Allspace and Touareg. There is no doubt that the T-Cross will be a big hit as it promises to be practical, cool and versatile. Sharing its genes with the popular Polo, the T-Cross could become the new jewel in the VW crown and plans to dominate the market. Its bold design makes it an eye-catcher in its segment where it squares off against the Renault Captur, Ford EcoSport, Suzuki Vitara and Mazda CX-3. Attractive design highlights include an expressive front spoiler and a large, wide grille, at the outer ends of which the headlamps are integrated. The tail light clusters feature LED technology as standard.  According to VW the T-Cross has boot space of between 377 and 455 litres. Thanks to a rear seat back that folds down fully or partially, you can create a flat loading space with up to 1 281 litres of storage volume. VW has also revealed that the South African line-up will consist of three equipment line offerings. All three models will be powered by a three-cylinder 1,0 TSI that develops 85 kW of power and maximum torque of 200 Nm. This engine is also only available in 7-speed DSG auto transmission. First up is the Trendline trim which comes standard with 16-inch steel wheels, LED daytime running lights and tail lights.  It comes with split folding rear seats, colour-coded handles and mirrors, electrically adjustable and heated side mirrors, electric windows at the front and rear and a 6,5-inch touchscreen multimedia system. Next up is the Comfortline derivative. Some of the standard fare for this model are 16-inch alloy wheels, black roof rails, front fog lights. It’s fitted with a leather multi-function steering wheel with multi-function display, park distance control and cruise control. Buyers can spice up the Comfortline version with the sporty R-Line package. Topping of the range is the Highline model which comes with niceties such as sports seats, wireless mobile charging, climate control LED headlights, a high-tech multimedia system and 18 inch alloy wheels.  The R-Line exterior package is also available here. Pricing for the T-Cross will be confirmed closer to the local launch of the model this year but insiders say that it will kick off below R300 000.