 Here are 10 things you should never include on your CVs. Jacquelyn Smith, Vivian Giang, and Natalie Walters contributed to earlier versions of this article. Don't put an objective on your CV. If you applied, it's already obvious you want the job. The exception: If you're in a unique situation, such as changing industries completely, it may be useful to include a brief summary. Leave irrelevant work experience out Yes, you might have been the "king of making milkshakes" at the restaurant you worked for in high school. But unless you are planning on redeeming that title, it's time to get rid of all that clutter. But as Alyssa Gelbard, career expert and founder of career-consulting firm Résumé Strategists, points out: Past work experience that might not appear to be directly relevant to the job at hand might show another dimension, depth, ability, or skill that actually is relevant or applicable. Only include this experience if it really showcases additional skills that can translate to the position you're applying for. You don't need to disclose your relationship status in a professional CV Don't include your marital status or religious preference. Don't put your hobbies on your CV Nobody cares. If it's not relevant to the job you're applying for, it's a waste of space and a waste of the company's time. Don't lie. A CareerBuilder survey asked 2,000 hiring managers for memorable CV mistakes, and blatant lies were a popular choice. One candidate claimed to be the former CEO of the company to which he was applying, another claimed to be a Nobel Prize winner, and one more claimed he attended a college that didn't exist. Rosemary Haefner, chief human-resources officer at CareerBuilder, says these lies may be "misguided attempts to compensate for lacking 100% of the qualifications specified in the job posting." But Haefner says candidates should concentrate on the skills they can offer, rather than the skills they can't offer. "Hiring managers are more forgiving than job seekers may think," Haefner explains. "About 42% of employers surveyed said they would consider a candidate who met only three out of five key qualifications for a specific role." Putting your age on your CV could be a hindrance If you don't want to be discriminated against for a position because of your age, it's time to remove your graduation date, says Catherine Jewell, author of "New Résumé, New Career." Another surprising way your CV could give away your age: double spaces after a period. Don't be wordy. When you use a eight-point font in an effort to get everything to fit on one page, this is an "epic fail," says J.T. O'Donnell, a career and workplace expert, founder of career-advice site Careerealism.com, and author of "Careerealism: The Smart Approach to a Satisfying Career." She recommends lots of white space. Don't disclose time out on a CV If you took time off to travel or raise a family, Gelbard doesn't recommend including that information on your CV. Keep your references separate. If your employers want to speak to your references, they'll ask you. Also, it's better if you have a chance to tell your references ahead of time that a future employer might be calling. If you write "references upon request" at the bottom of your CV, you're merely wasting a valuable line, career coach Eli Amdur says. Don't use a less-than-professional email address. If you still use an old email address, like BeerLover123@gmail.com or CuteChick4life@yahoo.com, it's time to pick a new one. It only takes a minute or two, and it's free. You don't need to put "phone" before listing your cell number. Amdur says there is no reason to put the word "phone" in front of the actual number. "It's pretty silly. They know it's your phone number." The same rule applies to email. Your CV is not the place for headers, footers, tables, images, or charts. These fancy embeddings will have hiring managers thinking, "Could you not?" While a well-formatted header and footer may look professional, and some cool tables, images, or charts may boost your credibility, they also confuse the applicant-tracking systems that companies use nowadays, Augustine tells Business Insider. The system will react by scrambling up your CV and spitting out a poorly formatted one that may no longer include your header or charts. Even if you were an ideal candidate for the position, now the hiring manager has no way to contact you for an interview. Don't include your boss's name on your CV. Don't include your boss' name on your CV unless you're OK with your potential employer contacting him or her. Even then, Gelbard says the only reason your boss' name should be on your CV is if the person is someone noteworthy, and if it would be really impressive. Social-media handles that are not related to the targeted position should be kept off your CV. Links to your opinionated blogs, Pinterest page, or Instagram account have no business taking up prime CV real estate. "Candidates who tend to think their personal social media sites are valuable are putting themselves at risk of landing in the 'no' pile," Nicolai says. "But you should list relevant URLs, such as your LinkedIn page or any others that are professional and directly related to the position you are trying to acquire," she says. Your most relevant experience should be from the past 15 years, so hiring managers only need to see that, Augustine says. On the same note, never include dates on education and certifications that are older than 15 years. The CV is not the place to disclose salary information. "Some people include past hourly rates for jobs they held in university," Nicolai says. This information is completely unnecessary and may send the wrong message. Amy Hoover, president of Talent Zoo, says you also shouldn't address your desired salary in a CV. "This document is intended to showcase your professional experience and skills. Salary comes later in the interview process." Don't use a an old-fashioned font. "Don't use Times New Roman and serif fonts, as they're outdated and old-fashioned," Hoover says. "Use a standard, sans-serif font like Arial." Also, be aware of the font size, she says. Your goal should be to make it look nice and sleek - but also easy to read. Don't use fonts that are hard to read  