UNDAUNTED Hlompho Kekana is looking forward to another African adventure as he joins Bafana Bafana in camp today. Stuart Baxter troops assemble in Joburg today as the national team coach plans an onslaught on the upcoming Africa Cup of Nations in Egypt. Kekana is still recovering from a taxing Caf Champions League campaign with Mamelodi Sundowns, in which they reached the semi-finals. The warhorse, however, has fixed his gaze on the Afcon, kicking off in Egypt on 21 June. The biennial competition represents different ambitions for various individuals in the Bafana team. For some it’s a chance at redemption after a poor domestic season. But for Kekana, though, it’s an opportunity to capture the missing jewel in his crown. Kekana has won all there is to win at club level, captaining Sundowns to the three league titles and the prestigious Caf Champions League. “But winning the Afcon will be a great achievement,” says Kekana, who is part of the Castle Larger “Beer of the Nation” campaign. The campaign seeks to unite South Africans as Bafana, the Proteas and the Springboks participate in three major international competitions this year. “Of course, winning another league title is also a target. It’ll be the tenth one for Mamelodi Sundowns, which is going to put another star on the badge,” Kekana continues. “Remember there’s one generation that has changed things at the club. We can only do so if we continue producing great performances and win our matches next season.” But in the same breath, Kekana acknowledges international recognition was equally important as he looks forward to another African Safari, following his Champions League exploits. “We have players who can take us as far as the semi-finals. The first step would be to get out of the group first,” Hlompho insists. “It’s about time we competed in the Afcon. The group we are in is winnable. If we can take care of Morocco I think we will stand a better chance. They are the ones who can trouble us. Namibia are beatable. “It’s easy to talk, though. We can’t be naive in a tournament like this. We know our limitations, but we’ve got to look at the positives. We just have to work on one goal.” Even at the ripe age of 33, Kekana still harbours hopes of playing overseas. “It has always been my dream. If opportunity comes I’ll definitely take it,” he concludes.