There will be one final chance to impress for the youngsters seeking a pathway to a professional career when the Nedbank Ke Yona Team Search (KYTS) last leg of the Try Outs reaches Rand Stadium this coming Saturday morning. There is an expected flood of interest in a province that has given South Africa some of our greatest footballers down the years. Having spent the last month criss-crossing the country in search of hidden gems, the three coaches in Khabo Zondo, Doctor Khumalo and Jerry Sikhosana will make their final selections ahead of Boot Camp sessions set to begin later this month. “We have seen so much talent over the last month or so and as always, it has been hard to choose which players will go to the Boot Camps. It is never easy, and some exceptionally talented players have not made it, but that is our job to select the players who we believe have the best chance of going on to make it as professionals,” said Zondo. Khumalo, arguably one of the greatest football talents this country has ever seen, has been impressed with the quality of players they have seen so far. “It has given me a lot of hope for the future of South African football when you see the number of excellent players out there. They just need to be given the chance to prove themselves and that is what the Nedbank KYTS is about. It provides an excellent platform and I am excited to see how the players we have selected progress through the boot camps.” Sikhosana, the legendary former striker, was expecting big things at the historic Rosettenville venue located on the south of Johannesburg, saying: “We all know that Gauteng has a long history of producing top players that have gone on to have great professional careers in South Africa, and I cannot wait to see what Saturday has in store. I would like to urge all the youngsters to give their best because this is an amazing opportunity for them to make their dreams come true.” The Nedbank KYTS has already assessed thousands of youngsters in the Eastern Cape, Limpopo, KwaZulu-Natal, the Northern Cape, Free State and the Western Cape this year. There will also be a kit handover from the Sports Trust to three local schools – Rabosotho Combined School, Robin Hills Primary and Royal Mount College that will be done in the afternoon. “We have been fortunate enough to have handed out 198 kits at the six regional destinations over the course of the try outs in the last month. As the Sports Trust, we are pleased to have contributed immensely towards football participation at schools around the country,” Simanga Matholeni, the Sports Trust’s Head of Projects and Stakeholder Relations. The final squad of 18 selected after the series of Boot Camps will take on current Nedbank Cup champions, TS Galaxy. 