HIGHLANDS Park have terminated the contract of striker Moeketsi Sekola. Highlands boss Brad Kaftel told SunSport that they reached an agreement with Sekola to part ways since he is struggling to cement a place in Owen Da Gama’s starting line-up. The 30-year-old player joined Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba two seasons ago while they were still campaigning in the National First Division (NFD). He scored six goals to help them gain promotion to the top flight. His contract had one year before it could expire. Said Kaptel: “We met with Sekola. It wasn’t working for both parties. “We parted ways very amicable. He is an older guy. He was not in the coach’s (Da Gama) plans and to coming down to training was a bit embarrassing. “He felt like he wasn’t wanted. But from our perspective if you are not in coach’s plans, you can spend the whole season here and then what will happen the next season? Kaptel said they gave the former PSL top scorer a fair settlement amount. “We just re-negotiated a reasonable settlement and he signed the termination to be a free agent. Reality is when we get a situation like this we want to part on good terms. He has been with us for two seasons, so we don’t want to end up in a DC (PSL’s Disciplinary Committee). I remember with Chris Katjiukua (Namibian International) it was a similar story last season. He came to see me and I said you are the seventh choice centre back, you won’t play. He got something at Leopards and I’m happy for him. Kaptel revealed that more players will pave the way for new recruits, having already signed striker Rodney Ramagalela from Polokwane City and right-back Marks Munyai from Black Leopards to help them finish in the top four next season. They finished last season on seventh position to set-up a date with Soweto giants Orlando Pirates in the MTN8 Cup. Explained Kaptel: “There are seven or eight players who we may not keep. “We also have a host of players whose contracts have ended and we haven’t renewed yet. We won’t renew the contracts of players like Christopher Komane and Suhayl Allie. Mahlatsi Makudubela, Elliot Seema and Jabulani Shongwe are out of contract, so we will invite them for pre-season in July. We will look at them before we make a decision. “But a lot will depend on what we get on the market. We are looking at a couple of players and we will finalise the deals within the next two weeks.”