DESIREE Ellis and her Banyana Banyana players have been put under tremendous pressure to console South Africans during this time of grief and disappointment. Their opening Fifa Women’s World Cup match against Spain at the Stade Océane, Le Havre, France at (6pm SA time), will be watched by the whole country with the hope of erasing bad memories brought about by Amajita, Proteas and the Blitzbokke. Whether they will live up to the expectations remain with their performance against the La Roja. But the recent friendlies Banyana have played do not inspire some confidence, especially their 7-2 loss to Norway, which was turn-down by Ellis’ ladies. Banyana are one of the three Africa representatives, along with Cameroon and Nigeria and their daunting task in Group B will be negotiating their way to the knockout stage past Spain, China and twice champions Germany (2003 and 2007). The world showpiece will start on Friday night and will last until 7 July where 24 countries will go against each to determine who are the world Diski Queens. Banyana will be making their World Cup debut and the result against Spain could either make or break them during this baptism of fire. Veteran Banyana defender, Noko Matlou, is expected to lead by example. The 32-year old, converted from striker to defence in 2016, always knows when to step up to shut down attackers. Cameroon, who are in Group E alongside Canada, New Zealand and Netherlands, will play their first match of the tournament on Monday against Canada. This is The Indomitable Lionesses second consecutive qualification for the Women’s World Cup having reached the last 16 stage in Canada four years ago, through the help of striker Gabrielle Onguene – one of Africa’s top players. Nigeria will on Saturday tackle Norway in their opening match of the tournament at the Auguste-Delaune Stadium in Reims at 9pm. They will be pinning hopes on star player Asisat Oshoala who has led them to greater heights. The Super Falcons have not missed a Women’s World Cup since the competition began in 1991 and a lot is expected from them this year. BANYANA FIXTURES 7 June: Banyana v Spain (Stade Océane, Le Havre, 6pm) 13 JUNE: v China (Parc des Princes, Paris, 6pm) 17 JUNE: v Germany (Stade de la Mosson, Montpellier, 6pm)