 THIS IS a boss like no other! But paying lobola for some of his employees has caused trouble with other workers. “IF HE CAN GIVE THOSE GUYS LOANS, WHY CAN’T WE GET AN INCREASE?” THEY ASK. Mageba Ndaba (45), the owner of Ndabezitha Buses in Langaville near Tsakane, Ekurhuleni told Daily Sun he wants his workers to be happy. “I want them to be responsible men who marry their partners and not play around with women.” He said that is why he helps his workers pay their lobola. “I believe my workers are my family and if they need help they are welcome to come to me.” He said one of his staff approached him to pay his bride’s R8 000 lobola. “He was stranded so I helped him.” He said to repay the loan, he’s deducting R300 a month from the worker. “I can’t take the chunk of money out of his salary because he has a family to support and has to travel to work,” he said. “We agreed on an instalment that won’t strangle him.” Mageba has 45 bus drivers, and he tries to help, depending on their needs. “I believe we are humans and we need to help each other where possible. “They know I’m strict. I always advise them to strive to be a good example to their children,” said the boss. “You know if you marry the mother of your children your kids will follow in your footsteps.” The driver who received the loan said: “I didn’t have money for lobola and I spoke to Mageba. He understood my problem. “I’m glad he helped me pay for it.” Another driver said Mageba also helped him when he was in trouble. “I’m repaying the money in reasonable instalments.” Mageba said his workers sometimes borrow money to buy cars or take other loans. Some workers told Daily Sun they wanted increases. “We don’t care whether he’s helping us or not, we have to get increases. “The cost of living is high and we have been getting the same money for some time.” Worker Rasta Nkosi said those who took lobola and other loans were sell-outs. “We are not going to stop demanding an increase because he helps some of us,” said Rasta. Mageba said he has a contract with the Gauteng Department of Education to take kids in the Ekurhuleni and Vaal area to school and back. “I wish my workers would understand what I do when I help them,” he said. “They think I don’t want to give them increases but I am limited by my contract. “I will give them increases when we get an increase from the contractors later in the year.” 