BAFANA Bafana captain Dean Furman could be available for
selection on Monday when they conclude their Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon)
Group D match against Morocco at the Al-Salam Stadium in Egypt at 6pm. According to head coach Stuart Baxter, Furman, who missed Bafana’s
slender 1-0 win against neighbours Namibia on Friday due to a knee injury,
underwent scans and seems to be recovering well. “His scan was a little bit
inconclusive because scans sometimes show old injuries, which makes it
difficult for the Radiographer to differentiate between the new and old injury,”
said Baxter, as he expressed their readiness for Herve Renard’s Morocco where victory could take Bafana to six points. “Dean trained… but he didn’t go 100 percent, he held back and he
did feel some discomfort, so we wanted to look at him overnight and see the
reaction. At breakfast this morning (Sunday) he said he had no pain and he will
try and train again… If he does a full training today (Sunday) then he is
available for selection.” Bafana have no “actual injury to any player”, except for Thami
Mkhize who had some small concussion against Namibia, but Baxter said that will
be managed “and will be okay”. In Sunday’s pre-match media briefing, the Scot could not commit
to being relaxed now… “It’s give and take,” he said. “The players were the first to settle. Preparations were not
exactly what we wanted, some pulled out on games that we needed the most.” But Baxter has also warned of comparing today’s Bafana to
the Class on 1996 that won Afcon. “I have to say that it was a totally different team at the
time. In 1996… everyone was optimistic and all that, the hopes and dreams. That
team reflected, our country is not the same at the moment, people are not as
hopeful and believing. I think the lads feel that, instead of reflecting the
hopes of the county, we are trying to give them some hope.” On the match, Baxter said he is aware Morocco were very
strong in their game against Ivory Coast and are a very experienced team, and
admits “they will be a tough opponent for us”. “But we feel that we’re settling more and more into a good
rhythm and we believe we can get into a good game. The players are quite
confident and they know the preparations have been going quiet well. We were a
little bit late because of some cancelled games, so these games in the
tournament are bringing us closer together,” said Baxter. When asked about the records between the two teams, Baxter
reacted: “I am not a good historian. I would like to live in the here and now,
I don’t think the previous teams were the same as they are today, the previous
coaches weren’t the same and the venues not the same. Everything changes…”