THERE will be no time to celebrate the win for the newly crowned World Boxing Association (WBA) Pan African heavyweight champion Ruann “The Giant King” Visser. The hard-hitting local heavyweight had an easy day at the office when he sent Justice “Venda Viper” Siliga to slumberland in 2 minutes 14 seconds in the opening round on Sunday at Time Square Casino in Pretoria. At stake were Visser’s national heavyweight crown and the vacant WBA Pan African heavyweight belt. Ruann, who is seen as the new South African heavyweight hope will only rest for a week and return to camp to get down to work for his next battle. According to the Meyerton born warrior his camp are working around the clock to help get him the experience he needs before taking on the world heavyweight big guns. Said Visser: “I have an international fight lined up for 8 August in Ukraine. “I want to keep busy and gather the necessary experience before challenging for a bigger title. “Since I won the WBA regional belt I think defending it will be instrumental in collecting that much needed experience,” he said. Talking about his victory against the top Limpopo contender, the 28-year-old former amateur rugby player said he used his reach advantage to his favour. Visser explained: “It was part of the plan to be aggressive using my reach advantage and the plan worked well.” After Visser suffered an unanimous points defeat at the hands of the vastly experienced campaigner Elvis Moyo in February he changed trainers. He has teamed up with Steve Kalakoda and dropped American trainer James Ali Bashaar. Under the Cape Town based mentor he has registered two first round knockouts. According to Kalakoda they want to have two local fights before throwing the up and coming boxing star into the international arena. Said Kalakoda: “There is a lot of improvement in Ruann’s ring craft, because of his punching power and height I have made him into a more aggressive fighter. He will fight two local opponents and from there he will fight a top quality overseas opponent.” On top of their wish list is the former WBA international heavyweight champion Alexander Ustonov from Russia.