Leading opposition parties say the State of the Nation Address delivered by President Cyril Ramaphosa is not good enough to tackle the
challenges facing the country. Economic Freedom Fighters leader Julius Malema
said “someone must wake up” Ramaphosa from the dream to address the problems
faced by South Africans. “The President
said a lot of nothing...in his own words he was dreaming, and someone must wake
him up so that he can face the reality and stop dreaming. It’s not time to
dream now, it is the time to implement,” said Malema. The red berets leader
said Ramaphosa somersaulted from land issue. “President spoke about expropriation of land without
compensation twice...in the first Sona he took from Zuma and his Sona in
February, but today he never mentioned the word. Why? The votes are over and
it’s back to reality and they are not going to expropriate any land. "They are using it for the elections. There is no
consistency,” said Malema. DA leader Mmusi Maimane said the speech was not good
enough. “South Africa today faces some deep crisis, we have problem
with Eskom, we have challenges of people being unemployed and today the
President didn’t give a plan. He instead describes the challenges facing South
Africans but no tangiable plans. No tangible plans for rural safety, no
tangible plans on what are we going to do at Eskom. "More rhetoric coming from the President, in fact, a
different departure from February. He spoke about unbundling but this time he
is speaking about a stimulus plan. The deep disappointment of the speech today
was all based on a dream without any tangible plans.” Reverend Kenneth Moshoe
the leader of ACDP applauded the Sona speech said: “He spoke about a very good
dream which South Africans were dreaming for the past 25 years. I wonder what
took it so long to have a country which all South Africans dream to have.” Inkatha Freedom Party leader prince Mongosuthu Buthelezi said all that is
required is action: “In all the years I have been here, I don’t remember any
Sona that received lots of applauding and so on. What President was saying is,
unless you are mad, it is something that we all desire but the issue is on
implementation.” GOOD party leader Patricia De Lille said the President was
very honest in acknowledging the challenges that are facing South Africans. “He
announced very ambitions for the next five years and for the next 10 years.
What remains for all of us is to roll-up our sleeves and start implementing,
monitoring the implementation and be hold accountable,” said De Lille. ANC’s
secretary general Ace Magashule said: “The dream is about what the president
has seen while working in the streets of South Africa, of making sure that we
address issues of inequalities. "Implementation of what the President has said is what is important. We as
a part we will be monitoring and making sure that there are clear timelines. We
are very encouraged and inspired, South Africans are going to know when will
these things happen.”