AFTER helping National First Division (NFD) outfit TS Galaxy make history by lifting the Nedbank Cup last month, goalkeeper Ludwe Mpakumpaku believes he is ready for the next challenge in his career. The 25-year-old shotstopper was instrumental for the Rockets, as Galaxy are affectionately known, in the NFD and their fairytale run in the Ke Yona Cup. Mpakumpaku made 25 appearances in the league to help the club to a eighth place finish in their debut season. He also made six appearances in the Nedbank Cup as they became the first NFD team to win the prestigious tournament. However, Mpakumpaku believes now is the time for him to make the step up into the big time with a number of PSL clubs having already shown interest in his services. “I think the time is right for me to test myself at the highest level now,” said Mpakumpaku. “It has always been my dream to play in the PSL and I believe I have what it takes to succeed there. “There was a bit of noise from clubs after the final, but we are taking our time because we want to make the right decision.” The star, who hails from Butterworth in the Eastern Cape, said he was blown away with the reception he got when he arrived home after causing one of the biggest upsets in the history of Mzansi football with the Rockets. Mpakumpaku said lifting the Mzansi version of the FA Cup after their victory over Kaizer Chiefs has made him even hungrier for more success in the near future. “I got a hero’s welcome when I arrived home. It was amazing,”said Mpakumpaku. “Our story has inspired a lot of youngsters in the communities that we come from. They now believe that anything is possible. “The municipality is even planning to honour me, which is quite exciting.” Mpakumapaku and the Rockets’ celebrations, though, were unfortunately cut short by the death of their teammate, Thembinkosi Mbamba, in a car crash just a week after lifting their maiden trophy. Tragedy struck again when head coach Dan Malesela received news of the death passing of his eldest son, Katlego, on the day of Mbamba’s funeral. “What happened was really sad. One moment we were Nedbank Cup champions and flying on cloud nine, and the next we had to bury our teammate. That was a difficult period and it really brought us back down to earth. I just couldn’t believe it,” added Mpakumpaku.