 ANC chief whip Pemmy Majodina and
secretary general Ace Magashule denied on Wednesday that the list of
nominations for Parliament's committee chairpersons is the outcome of a
factional balancing act. The nominations were announced on
Wednesday after an ANC caucus meeting earlier in the day. This while MPs and former ministers
during Jacob Zuma's tenure as president, who are seemingly resistant to root
out state capture and who are not basking in the rays of the new dawn, will
chair some committees. "When we approach deployment,
we don't approach deployment in a factional manner," Majodina said. "Because deployed here are
members of the ANC who came out of the process of the list conference,"
she added. "Experience, capacity, new
people, women and youth are considered in the balancing act. "Not really being led through
factional groupings. We did not consider that." Magashule was singing from the same hymn sheet. "As the chief whip has said, we don't put people on a factional
basis. So that analysis is not correct," he said. "The ANC officials, we are very happy that we have been working
together very consistently. We just read in the media that the SG [secretary
general] is going this way, the president is going this way, it's not true at
all." He also had some advice for the media: "Focus on SONA [State of the
Nation Address], rather than individuals. Give the president that space and
time." The nominations for the National Assembly are: ·        
House chairperson (chair of
chairs): Cedric Frolick ·  House
chairperson (member's interests): Grace Boroto ·  House
chairperson (international relations): Madala Ntombela ·  Programming
whip: Chana Pilane Majeka ·  House
whip: Bheki Radebe · 
Agriculture, land reform and rural development: Mandla
Mandela · 
Environment, forestry and fisheries: Fikile
Xasa ·  Home
affairs: Bongani Bongo · 
Police: Tina Joemat-Pettersson ·  Public
works and infrastructure: Nolitha Ntobongwana ·  Basic
education: Zukiswa Faku ·  Human
settlements, water and sanitation: Rosina Semenya ·  Employment
and labour: Lindelwa Dutywa · 
Health: Sibongiseni Dlomo ·  Justice and
correctional services: Gratitude Magwanishe ·  Public
enterprises: Khaya Magaxa ·  Sports,
arts and culture: Beauty Dlulane · 
Transport: Mosebenzi Zwane ·  Defence and
military veterans: Cyril Xaba ·  Higher
education, science and technology: Mapulane Phillemon ·  Minerals,
resources and energy: Luzipho Sahlulile ·  Public
service and administration and minister in the presidency: James
Tyotyo ·  Small
business development: Violet Siwela · 
Tourism: Supra Mahumapelo · 
Communications: Hope Papo · 
Finance: Joe Maswanganyi · 
International relations and cooperation: Tandi
Mahambehlala ·  Women,
youth and people with disabilities: Nhlanhla Ncube ·  Social
development: Mondli Gungubele ·  Trade and
industry: Duma Nkosi ·  Cooperative
governance and traditional affairs: Faith Muthambi · 
Appropriations: Sfiso Buthelezi · 
Auditor-General: Sakhumzi Somyo ·  Multi-Party
Women's Caucus: Kate Bilankulu ·  Joint
Committee on Ethics and Members' Interests: Bheki
Nkosi ·  Joint
Constitutional Review Committee: Mathole Motshekga ·  Joint
Standing Committee on the Financial Management of Parliament: Peace
Mabe ·  Ad Hoc
Committee to amend Section 25 of the Constitution: Mathole
Motshekga The nominations for the National Council of Provinces are: ·        
House chairperson (committees): Jomo Nyambi ·  House
chairperson (oversight and institutional support): Winnie
Ngwenya ·  Education,
technology, sports, arts and culture: Eleck Nchableng ·  Social
development and services: Maurencia Gillion ·  Economy and
public infrastructure: Kenny Mmoiemang · 
Finance: Yunus Carrim · 
Appropriations: Dikeledi Mahlangu ·  Governance
and traditional affairs: China Dodovu ·  Security
and justice: Shaik Shahidabibi ·  Land reform
and natural resources: Tebogo Modise ·  Trade and
international relations: Mandla Rayi · 
Communications and public enterprises: Mmamora
Mamaregane ·  Petitions
and the executive: Zukiswa Ncitha ·  Joint
Committee on Ethics and Members Interests: Lydia
Moshodi ·  Joint
Constitutional Review Committee: Enoch Mthethwa · 
Majodina said they were still in "political engagements" with
an opposition party on who will be chairperson of the important watchdog, the
Standing Committee on Public Accounts. The name of the chairperson of the intelligence committee will be
announced after vetting has been completed.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/ace-magashule-denies-committee-chairpersons-elected-on-factional-basis-here-is-the-list-20190619 