FORMER SuperSport United winger Thuso Phala, who surprisingly joined Black Leopards on a free transfer, regrets leaving Matsatsantsa a Pitori under a dark cloud. The 33-year-old left Matsatsantsa A Pitori acrimoniously in January with six months remaining on his contract. Phala was suspended by the club due to off-field misdemeanours and had a disciplinary hearing which resulted in his contract not being renewed. Leopards started their pre-season training on Monday with new signings, which included Phala and Botswana international Mogakolodi Ngele. Phala said he feels that he should have waited for the end of the season. “I regret leaving the way I left,” he declared. “How I left, after all the years and memories I shared with the club, is not good. “How I left was not fair to the club and the fans. I felt I should have said my proper goodbyes to the fans and in the right way, but you know football. Now I have to revive my career here.” Earlier this year, SuperSport boss Stan Matthews said he was left bitterly disappointed by the acrimonious ending to the club’s relationship with the midfielder. Phala also revealed that he had numerous offers from Joburg based clubs, which included Highlands Park and Bidvest Wits. But he opted to head north to Venda: “Coming to Limpopo is a big adjustment. I haven’t played since January. Starting with pre-season will be tough, to get to that level of fitness. But that comes with the job, the quicker I adjust the better for me. “I wanted to go to a team that have not achieved much. I want to achieve with a different club compared to those who have already won things. “It is now up to me to finish my career on a high, and not how I left SuperSport. Having a good season is one of my priorities.” Leopards have been on a buying spree and have given an indication that they want to be force and not battle for survival like in the previous season. They have appointed a new coach in Lionel Soccoia who will be assisted by Patrick Mabedi and Mlungisi Ngubane will assume the team manager’s seat. Yesterday there were reports that the club wanted to sell their best striker Mwape Musonda “to any interested suitors in the Absa Premiership or abroad”. Added Phala: “Experienced players do add value at the club not only on the field even in the dressing room. Here we have the likes of Ngele and (Robert) Ngambi who are seasoned campaigners.”