A 12-year-old boy who was shot multiple times at close range
while guarding cars at an Elsies River mosque was probably killed as part of a
gang initiation This is the opinion of a spokesperson for the family, Pastor
Vincent Alexander, who believes Aswin Jonas, a Grade 5 pupil at Tygersig
Primary School, was the hapless victim of a random gang-related attack, Daily
Voice reported. Jonas was reportedly shot 11 times, according to Netwerk24.
A total of 22 shots were fired by unknown gunmen. News24 reported that police were investigating a case of
murder after Jonas was killed in a hail of bullets in Parow in Cape Town on
Friday night. Jonas was killed following a shooting at 21:25 at the corner
of Arnold and Connaught Road, Eureka Estate, police spokesperson Sergeant
Noloyiso Rwexana said. "According to reports a 12-year-old boy was found with
multiple gunshot wounds to his body and he died due to the extent of his
injuries," Rwexana said on Saturday. Attackers emptied their guns According to Daily Voice, the Jonas family has been left
traumatised by his death. He was seen being chased in the street by two men who
gunned him down "until their guns were empty". Jonas reportedly tried to run away when two men opened fire
on him and a group of boys in Connaught Road. The boys, aged 7 to 12 years, were reportedly guarding cars
while men were praying inside the mosque. A witness says the boys scattered and Jonas headed to the
entrance of the mosque looking for cover when he was shot multiple times, said
Daily Voice. Alexander reportedly said: "From what we heard, the
shooting may have been part of a gang initiation. They make these boys go out
and shoot random people, as long as they kill and it's talked about, they can
join the gang. "It's sickening. I hope the authorities see that we are
a community in crisis and step in to help," Alexander said. "Police detectives are following up on possible leads
in an effort to bring those responsible to book," Rwexana said. SOURCE: NEWS24