THE GOGOS and mums braved the icy cold winter air to get to the Sassa office early – but officials had other plans.They said the office was too cold for them to work and told everyone to go home.THEN THEY LEFT THE DESPERATE PEOPLE STUCK IN THE COLD AND WALKED AWAY!Visitors to Sassa offices often get up before the sun rises to get to there first. They hope to avoid the queues that can leave them standing waiting all day. But yesterday their journey to the Sassa office in Vosloorus, Ekurhuleni was a waste of time. The group, who mostly came to apply for Sassa grants, was allegedly told the heaters in the office didn’t work, so if they wanted to apply they should go to the office in Thokoza. The Thokoza office is more than eight kilometres from Vosloorus. Gogo Constance Mtsweni (60) said she arrived at the office at about 5am and waited for it to open at 7am. “When they opened the office we got in the queue and waited,” she said. “After a while one of the staff members came and told us they had a problem with heaters.” “They said they had complained but the heaters had not been fixed,” said gogo Constance. “They said if we really wanted to apply for grants we should go to Thokoza.” Most of the people said they couldn’t go to another office because they only had the taxi fare to get to Vosloorus and back. Dumazile Ndlovu (38) said last Wednesday they were also turned away. “They said there wasn’t electricity that day. “We came the following day but they said it was cold and even today they said it was too cold.” Dumazile said if the staff don’t want to work, management should come and help them. “If these workers don’t want to work, they must be fired,” said Victoria Bonani (63). She said it would have been better if they were told about the problem before wasting time queuing. Sassa spokeswoman Nandi Mosia said: “The agency condemns the behaviour by Vosloorus staff where beneficiaries were redirected to other Sassa offices due to what they termed unacceptable conditions of operation.” She said they apologised for the inconvenience caused. “Sassa management had a meeting with the staff and we are happy to notify the community that the matter is being managed and is under control.” She said services will resume today. Mosia said they have talked to the staff and they have made plans to ensure that this kind of behaviour does not happen again. “The heating system has been corrected and a permanent solution will be implemented.”