Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini is ready to discuss the hot topic of land ownership and the Ingonyama Trust outside of courts. According to TimesLive, the king brought up the topic today when he met the newly appointed provincial cabinet ministers were officially introduced to him by premier Sihle Zikalala at his Osuthu royal palace in Nongoma in northern KZN. "I'm going to say it to you who are here in front of me. It might happen that you like ubukhosi (traditional leadership) but you didn't fully understand how it works. This made you do some mistakes that could be resolved through negotiations. This is a good start to sit down and correct each other," he said. He was referring to the issue of the installation of some of the traditional leaders which was challenged by the provincial government as illegitimate. He also referred to a court case between the Ingonyama Trust, which administers tribal land on his behalf, and the eThekwini municipality over the collection of rates from tribal land. Exactly seven years ago in June 2012, the Supreme Court of Appeal barred the municipality from collecting rates from land administered by the Ingonyama Trust. The trust reportedly owns 32 percent of all the land in KwaZulu-Natal."There is no need for this because it results to unnecessary tension," said King Zwelithini.The king said while Zikalala's predecessors had tried to pursue some programmes, some of their efforts didn't materialise because of a change in government and a lack of communication between traditional leadership and government employees. He said the ANC as the leader of government and society had a responsibility to ensure there was effective legislature as a basis for an effective government." I know the government is a public institution that formulates policies and procedures for the functioning of the country. So, I'm emphasising this context so that you are aware of the value that people put on you as individuals and as a collective."I'm saying all these things as an elderly person with experience of so many years being the monarch of this kingdom you are leading today."