MTN’s support of
the South African national rugby team was further bolstered today following the
announcement that the country’s rugby fans will be given the chance to join the
Springboks in Japan later this year. These lucky fans
will have the experience of a lifetime; travelling to Japan where they will
explore the country’s rich cultural history - before the highlight of the trip
where they will cheer for our nation with pride. Mapula Bodibe,
Consumer Business Unit Executive at MTN SA says: “We are beyond proud to be the
brand behind the Springboks as they take on what is set to be the most
competitive rugby event yet, with many teams vying for the biggest prize ever.
For us, rugby is about more than just the game, it is a means to unite a nation
under a common goal”. “In providing the
experience of taking rugby fans on a trip to Japan, MTN are adding South
African voices which otherwise would not have been there to support the
Springboks, giving expression to the campaign message: ‘WeGotU, Bokke’”,
explains Bodibe. Mark Alexander,
President of the South African Rugby Union, praised MTN for their initiative
with the ‘WeGotU, Bokke’ campaign and urged South Africans to show their
support for the Boks by getting involved with the campaign activities. “MTN, as proud
national team sponsor, is a great supporter of Springbok rugby and this
campaign is a very innovative way of galvanising South African support behind
our national team in this very important year. Each time that our team plays,
they will know they can count on the backing of our passionate, sports loving
nation, thanks to the MTN ‘WeGotU, Bokke’ campaign,” explains Alexander. To stand a chance
to be one of fans going to Japan, Contract and PayAsYouGo customers need to
sign-up, upgrade or recharge on qualifying MTN products. In doing so, they will
receive automatic entries into a draw to join the Boks in Japan. The more you
spend, the more entries you get into the draw. MTN is a
long-standing supporter of South African sporting ambitions and this
competition affords the brand the opportunity to not only provide a unique and
exclusive experience, but to further brighten the lives of its customers, MTN
employees and ordinary people of South Africa. More importantly, to show the
Bokke that the nation stands behind them wherever they are.   