The alleged infiltration of the SA National Defence Force (SANDF)
by a “rogue” soldier is being investigated by army intelligence services and
the police. City Press’ sister publication, Rapport, has established
that a high-level investigation into the infiltration of the defence force has
been ongoing for weeks, but kicked into high gear after the arrest of an
alleged “ghost” soldier. The so-called soldier has apparently been active on several
army bases for years, even though he was not officially a soldier. He was arrested when he tried to worm his way into the
infantry group that was to accompany President Cyril Ramaphosa during his
inauguration last weekend at Loftus Versfeld Stadium in Pretoria. “If he could get away with it for years, how many other
ghost soldiers are out there, and what are they doing?” said a source close to
the investigation. According to Rapport’s sources, the police are searching for
another two suspects. They are also trying to confirm whether there was a
conspiracy aimed at targeting any highly placed politicians, among them possibly
Ramaphosa. Brigadier Hangwani Mulaudzi, spokesperson for the Hawks,
referred inquiries to Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo, the national police
spokesperson. Naidoo referred Rapport to the army. Defence force spokesperson Brigadier General Mafi Mgobozi
confirmed that the military police’s special investigating unit was working
with the military’s defence intelligence division (previously military
intelligence), as well as other intelligence services and the police, on a
multi-agency investigation. “There are others who are still being investigated for their
involvement in a broader plan, but we cannot reveal further information at this
point,” said Mgobozi. “Any further information we release at this point could
compromise the investigation.”  The bizarre incident of Thapelo Mokgosi (29), who was
arrested when he tried to clear in with the 21 SA Infantry Battalion (21 SAI)
at Thaba Tshwane in Pretoria, two weeks before the inauguration, has made
investigators nervous. Mokgosi has already appeared in the Pretoria Magistrate’s
Court on charges that he falsely presented himself as a soldier, as well as on
charges of the illegal possession of a firearm and ammunition. Rapport’s investigation revealed that: . Mokgosi has indicated on his CV that he has been a soldier
in the defence force since 2009, and his job description is protection
services. He gives the name of Captain Jacob Sebolai as his
“commander”. Sebolai told Rapport that he knows Mokgosi and gave him an
application form to join the defence force many years ago, but said he had no
idea why Mokgosi would claim that he was his commander. . Mokgosi regularly sent his family photographs of himself
in uniform, among other soldiers at various military bases. He also sent them a photo of himself on duty during the
funeral of struggle icon Winnie Madikizela-Mandela in April last year. Thapelo Mokgosi sent photos like this one to his family . His family is convinced that Mokgosi works for the army on
a full-time basis. Gugu Mokgosi, his brother, who has been living with him
since 2017, said he (Mokgosi) left the house in an army uniform on a daily
basis. Gugu said Mokgosi would disappear for long stretches of time
and was vague about the work he supposedly did for the army. . Mokgosi’s Capitec Bank statements, dating from December
2018 to March 16 this year, show that he did not receive a salary. The only payments were relatively small cash deposits. The
last one was for R6 000, on February 28. Gugu Mokgosi said he had received a WhatsApp voice note from
what sounded like a military official, saying a large amount of money had been
found on his brother. “I do not know where the voice note comes from and who is
speaking on it,” said Gugu, adding that he did not have any of his brother’s
more recent bank statements. Before December 2018, Thapelo lived with a Catholic priest,
Father Peter Motshegwa. “I was completely convinced that Thapelo was in the army. He
had many uniforms and he even dated a woman who was in uniform when she came to
visit him,” said Motshegwa. His daughter, Matabo Motshegwa, said the military police
came to search their home shortly after Mokgosi was arrested. She claims that an investigator told her that Mokgosi had
even been living on a military base for some time. Mokgosi was arrested at Thaba Tshwane a day before the
president’s inauguration. Captain Shane Southgate, the adjutant and a company
commander of 21 SAI, has also been arrested and has already appeared in
military court twice. He was released on a warning on Friday. Mgobozi confirmed that Southgate allegedly ordered a clerk
to clear Mokgosi into the battalion. The clerk suspected something was amiss when Mokgosi could
not provide any of the military information that is required during the
clearing-in process, such as his medical classification. Advocate Pikkie Greef, of the SA National Defence Force
Union, who represents Southgate, said the defence force had still not provided
complete information about the charges to him and his client, except that
Southgate’s arrest was related to a threat to national security and fraud. Greef said his client denied that he knew Mokgosi or that he
had had anything to do with the incident. SOURCE: CITY PRESS