NATIONAL First Division (NFD) teams are busy in the transfer market as they look to bolster their squads for the upcoming season. The battle for promotion to the land of milk and honey, the Premier Soccer League (PSL), is set to resume in August and teams will look to be well equipped for it. Following their fairy-tale debut season which saw them crowned Nedbank Cup champions and finish eighth in the NFD last season, TS Galaxy are hungry for more success. They have been one of the busiest teams in the market, securing the services of Botswana trio Ezekiel Morake, Thero Setsile and Mosha Gaolaolwe. Botswana Premier League top scorer Setsele and central defender Gaolaolwe, were signed in January but could not be registered in time to play in the second half of last season. As a result, the duo were loaned back to their respective clubs Jwaneng Galaxy and Township Rollers. KwaZulu Natal outfit Richards Bay, who finished seventh last season, have also been active in the market with acquisitions of Lunathi Mdatshulwa from Witbank Spurs, former Chippa United star Zaphaniah Mbokoma and goalkeeper Dumisani Msibi from neighbours Real Kings. They have also extended the contracts of head coach Brandon Truter (one year) as well as key players Junaid Sait and Veluyeke Zulu, who both signed two-year-extensions. After missing out on a promotion spot last season following their fifth place finish, Uthongathi FC are looking to improve and have roped in Zimbabwean striker Cleopas Dube from relegated Witbank Spurs. The former Stellenbosch and Baroka front man brings a wealth of NFD experience and will hope to fire the Cane Cutters into the top flight. TS Sporting have made changes to their technical team in their attempts to mount a strong challenge for promotion. They have appointed assistant coach Selaotse “Sly” Mosala as their head coach and he will be assisted by former Black Leopards and South Africa national Under 17 Coach Solly Luvhego. Last season’s runners up Royal Eagles have appointed Maccabi FC coach Joel Masutha as their head coach as they look to go one better this coming season. Masutha will be assisted by Sazi Ngubane and Bafana Nhlapho, who did a good job last season.