ORLANDO Pirates striker Thamsanqa Gabuza has revealed that the 2019-20 Premiership season will be his last in the colours of the Buccaneers. Surprisingly, Gabuza looked to have survived the chop after Pirates released a cluster of players they deemed surplus to their requirements. The 31-year-old, who has faced the wrath of Pirates supporters for his lack of composure in front of goal, has expressed his desire to set the league alight in what he labelled his swansong season. Said Gabuza: “Looking at my record, it is something I’m not proud of but since this will be my last season wearing a Pirates T-shirt, I’m going to give it my last shot.” There has been lots of questions from Pirates fans as to why Gabuza is still at the club with such a very shoddy scoring record in the last couple of seasons. In the last couple of days, the Soweto giants parted ways with the likes of Thabo Matlaba, Thabo Qalinge, Abbubaker Mobara, Jackson Mabokgwane and Ayanda Nkosi. Marshall Munetsi was sold to French Ligue 1 side Reims by Irvin Khoza’s side. They loaned out Gladwin Shitolo, Phetso Maphanga, Diamond Thopola and Caio Marcelo to Chippa United. They transfer-listed Mpho Makola and Meshack Maphangule, while Thembela Sikhakhane was loaned back to AmaZulu. “Gandaganda”, as Gabuza is known, joined Bucs in the second half of 2013-14 season from Abafana Bes’Thende. Gabuza this week posted a message on his social media account. “Overall I haven’t done really well in the last couple of seasons,” read the message. He has scored five goals in 36 appearances in all competitions in the last two season. His last league goal for Pirates was against Free State Stars, 13 months ago. Gabuza didn’t score a single league goal last season. He only scored in the Caf Champions League against Light Stars of Seychelles on 5 December in the preliminary stages. Added Gabuza: “Thank you all for pushing me not to give up. “In life, people are going to talk whenever you do good or bad. So please (Pirates supporters), keep on supporting the team once again this coming season.”