The ANC's provincial executive committee (PEC) in
KwaZulu-Natal has recommended that embattled eThekwini metro mayor Zandile
Gumede take a 30-day leave of absence and that the regional executive committee
be disbanded, according to reports. The PEC, which is meeting in Empangeni this weekend,
reminded Gumede of the party's policy on temporarily stepping aside while
charged, eNCA reported. Gumede told the broadcaster that she would abide by the PEC's
decision and take a leave of absence from Monday. EWN reported that the PEC also resolved to
disband the regional executive committee and replace it with a task team.
Gumede is out on R50 000 bail after being arrested for corruption relating to a
R230m waste removal tender. The mayor was ordered to refrain from liaising with
officials in several key departments, including supply chain, human resources,
legal, finance and Durban Solid Waste. Gumede 'compromised' The ANC Women's League (ANCWL) was reportedly backing her
and wanted her to continue as regional chair of the ANC. "We would support any woman whose rights are
violated," ANCWL regional secretary Zama Sokhabase told The Independent on Saturday. The Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) youth recently marched
through Durban, calling for Gumede to step down as corruption allegations
against her meant she was "compromised". "It is the right thing to do. Corruption in Durban has
reached epic proportions," said IFP Youth Brigade national chairperson and
spokesperson Mkhuleko Hlengwa. "It is no longer sustainable for us to
continue in silence. It is not fair to young people or people of eThekwini that
money for us is stolen. This money [is] meant to create jobs and grow our
economy." Mayoral spokesperson Mthunzi Gumede previously told News24
that her office maintained she is innocent until proven guilty. He said her arrest would not affect service delivery and
that residents should not panic.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/corruption-charged-ethekwini-mayor-gumede-set-to-take-30-days-leave-of-absence-20190609 