Orlando Pirates have confirmed the departure of yet another player. Long serving defender Thabo Matlaba is the latest player to get off the Buccaneer ship following the departure of Jackson Mabokgwane, Abubbaker Mobara, Ayanda Nkosi and Thabo Qalinge. Matlaba, whose contract with the Soweto giants is set to expire next week, declined a reduced offer to extend his stay. The 31-year-old has opted to search for a better offer elsewhere, bringing his seven year stay with the Sea Robbers to an end. Matlaba had two fruitless meetings with club chairman Irvin Khoza this week regarding his future at the club. Pirates had been hoping to keep the left-back beyond his current contract, but on a reduced package. “On Tuesday 18th June 2019, Thabo Matlaba met with the chairman Dr Khoza to discuss his future at the Club,” read a statement on Pirates’ website. “Dr Khoza confirmed to Thabo that his contract of employment was expiring at the end of June 2019 and asked Thabo to please come back to Dr Khoza on Thursday with a proposal of his package for a new contract. “On Thursday 20th June 2019, Thabo Matlaba met with Dr Khoza as agreed. At this meeting (which was also attended by the Financial Manager), Thabo explained his personal situation and advised that he is not able to reduce from the current package that he is on. “Dr Khoza explained to Thabo that the Club is not in a position to pay high salaries to players who are not playing regularly. Normally, Dr Khoza would release these players at the end of the players' contract but in Thabo’s case, as he has a special place for Thabo and also because Thabo has served the club so professionally and led by example as a captain over the past 7 years, he has not done this and has specifically asked the player for his input. “Thabo confirmed that he is not able to take a reduction and requested the Club to issue him with a clearance so that he can be released from the Club to find a better offer somewhere else.“Thabo came to the office today to finalise all paperwork with regard to his exit interview from the club and that he will be paid all monies owed to him, including his long-service bonus, in terms of his current employment contract.” 