BLOEMFONTEIN CELTIC and Bafana Bafana super fan Botha Msila has been talking about his Cape-to-Cairo dream, where he will be hitch-hiking from Mzansi to Cairo, to watch the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations tournament. On Friday, his unimaginable journey, a 6 431km hitch-hike to Egypt’s capital finally started. SunSport caught up with him at the Beit-Bridge border as he departed Mzansi to go and support Bafana. He’s hoping to arrive in Cairo in two weeks’ time before the tournament kicks off on 21 June. By yesterday afternoon, he was already in Zambia. Speaking from Beit-Bridge, as he was crossing to Zimbabwe, Msila said he was hoping that he won’t have visa issues as he criss-crosses the continent. “The passion for the beautiful game drives me to travel the length and breadth of the continent to reach my destination. “It’s a sacrifice I’m doing for my country and national team. I hope a visa won’t be an issue in the many countries that I’ll be passing through. But I’ll be in Egypt by hook or crook when the Afcon starts.” In Mzansi, Msila is popular that he can attend two matches in as many provinces in a day, using lifts. On a normal weekend, he can attend five matches in various provinces. The 44-year-old father boarded a bus from Beit-Bridge to Harare. On arrival in the Zimbabwean capital, he was going to meet his friend Aluva Takama, a soccer fan from Zimbabwe, and they would continue the hitchhike-aided journey to Egypt. The duo’s journey will see them pass through Zambia, Tanzania, Kenya, Ethiopia and Sudan before they reach their destination in Egypt. Msila told SunSport: “Soccer brings the world together. I’m looking forward to being there and showing my support for Bafana. “We’ll be hiking day and night and even putting our lives in danger. But by the grace of our Lord, we’ll be safe. “We want to be there in Egypt to support our respective national squads, Zimbabwe and Bafana Bafana. “Both of us don’t have money, but I know that soccer lovers have a good heart. I’m certain that they’ll take good care of us in Egypt,” Msila added. “We also hope that the Zimbabwean and SA soccer federations’ bosses will help us on our arrival. I’m excited and a little scared at the same time.” 