BANYANA
Banyana are officially out of the Fifa Women’s World Cup. Banyana’s
unpleasing displays which overshadows their opening match sterling performance,
saw them being thumped 4-0 by Germany at Stade de la Mosson Stadium in France
yesterday. They went
to the last group match against Germany with a slight chance of qualifying for
the next round depending on the other group result between Spain and China. Goals from
Melanie Leuploz, Sara Dabritz, Alexandra Popp and Lina Magull sealed the deal
for the two times World Cup winners. Things
could have been worse but goalkeeper Andile Dlamini had to work extra time to
save Banyana from more humiliation. It was
Banyana’s worst performance on the World Cup debut. Germany
recorded three victories to win the Group B with nine points, while Banyana did
not register any point, finishing at the foot of the group with zilch. This was
Banyana’s first World Cup appearance and they learned the hard way as they lost
three matches 3-1 against Spain in their opening fixture which was followed by
a slight 1-0 defeat against China PR and the German thumping. In
Banyana’s opening match of the World Cup, lack of killer instinct was among the
reasons why the failed to get maximum points or a point at least. But Yesterday
it was worse as they were struggling to create chances. From the
first minute of the match Germany were all over Banyana and they managed to get
three goals before the break. In the
second half the introduction of Thembi Kgatlala Kgatlana made a slight
difference as the Germans were no longer dominating, Banyana also started to
play more on their half. However, what
was lacking in Banyana's play was the support given to strikers Kgatlana and
Ode Fulutudilu who was substituted at the beginning of the second half.
Kgatlana had to come deep and fetch the ball deep as Ellis opted for a 4-5-1
formation. In the other Group B match, China and
Spain played out a goalless draw that saw both sides advance to the last 16 at
the Fifa Women's World Cup on Monday, while Melanie Leupolz set Germany on
their way to a comprehensive 4-0 win over South Africa. Both the Spaniards and former
runners-up China knew a point in Le Havre would take them through to the
knockout phase from Group B, and so they transpired to play out a 0-0
stalemate.