 SUPPORTERS of disgraced Ethekwini mayor clashed with cops as they wanted to forcefully enter the ANC offices in Durban. Gumede's supporters have vowed to close down ANC provincial office until their mayor is reinstated. The more than 500 supporters  started the day  by closing  off the busy Pixley kaSeme street and marched to municipality's head office at City Hall ) .They demanded that city manager Sipho Nzuza and acting mayor Fawzia Peer step down and make way for Gumede to return to her office. Peer was holding her first meeting with the executive committee as acting mayor. Cops had to form a shield at the city hall doors after marchers demanded to get in and remove city manager by force. Marchers then  moved to provincial ANC head offices where they camped and started eating supper saying they were prepared to sleep there. They booed deputy ANC provincial deputy chairman Mike Mabuyakhulu and said they can't be addressed by him because he is also out on bail. They said they provincial leaders to call national leaders to come and listen to their problems. Both municipal spokesmen Mthunzi Gumede and Msawakhe Mayisela didn't respond to the messages. ANC provincial secretary Mdumiseni Ntuli was also locked in a meeting. Gumede branches leader Mzo Dube told Daily Sun that they want their mayor back immediately or nothing will move in the city. He said people are angry and are no longer prepared to listen to the ANC provincial leaders except when they say when mayor will return. Another ANC councillor Simphiwe Mncube said if the mayor is not reinstated immediately municipality and ANC offices will be closed because they will march the whole month. Since Gumede was forced to take 30 days leave two weeks by the ANC her supporters have been fighting for her. The ANC announced that all its members who are facing criminal charges while holding government positions must step aside to protect the party's image. Gumede and another councillor Mondli Mthembu appeared in court last month for allegedly being involved in 208 million solid waste tender scandal. They are out on R50 000 bail and will return to court on 8 August.