A MUM (34) whose kids were captured on video walking in the streets unsupervised and barefoot has been bust for child neglect. The video of the four kids was taken by a man in Volksrust, Mpumalanga, earlier this month. In the video, the man introduces himself to the kids as umalume. He then asks the kids about their parents and whether they had eaten. He promised to buy them bread. He also asked them if they had uniforms and were attending school. Celebrity of the Week: Eva Longoria Actress, Producer, Director, Activist, Philanthropist, Designer, Wife, Daughter, Sister, Aunt, Friend, Stepmom and HUMAN! That's how Eva Longoria describes herself at the top of her Instagram page. The kids, aged between three and 13, were allegedly abandoned in a shack by their mum. The mum was bust in the Kabokweni area on Wednesday after cops launched an investigation. The kids have been taken to a home in the area. Mpumalanga police commissioner Lieutenant-General Mondli Zuma urged parents to take good care of their kids. “If a person goes away, he or she must leave their kids with family or another responsible person,” he said. Mpumalanga Premier Refilwe Mtshweni-Tsipane urged residents to continue alerting government to such cases. Baby Faced Mums - Episode 8 Meet the Baby-Face Mums Zara Hussain, Leona Robertson and Jay Oosthuizen. Celebrity Closeup: Samuel L. Jackson Samuel L. Jackson grew up an only child, raised by his mother. He only met his father twice during his life, though his grandparents were often around. On Video, Street Fight Between Delhi Cops And Driver Who Pulled Out Sword A group of policemen was seen fighting with a driver, who pulled out a sword, in broad daylight in north-west Delhi's Mukherjee Nagar in a video shot by an eyewitness after their vehicles met with an accident on Sunday. In the mobile phone video, ... Celebrity Closeup: Jada Pinkett Smith Jada Pinkett Smith was born in a tough neighbourhood of Baltimore, Maryland, when her mother was still in high school. Bye Bye Car Driverless cars will be how we move around in the future. In 10 years' time, Ford Motors' Bill Ford says his company will sell mobility, not cars. We ask the experts, including Tesla pioneer Elon Musk, what they think the future has in store for us. Celebrity Closeup: Bryan Cranston Bryan Cranston was born and raised in Hollywood, and both of his parents were actors as well. Rwanda: Global Teen Mutoni Favour loves books 17-year-old Mutoni Favour lives with her two younger sisters and their uncle and aunt. Her father works as a driver, her mother died while she was still young. She loves to read novels and listen to music. Here are the types of questions Robinhood asks in interviews Baiju Bhatt of Robinhood on the types of questions his company asks in interviews Here are the types of questions Robinhood asks in interviews Baiju Bhatt of Robinhood on the types of questions his company asks in interviews Asked about Norman case, Trudeau talks about questions answered Prime Minister Justin Trudeau talks about the number of questions he has taken on Wednesdays in the House of Commons -- when he answers every question -- after Conservative deputy leader Lisa Raitt asks Trudeau to apologize to Vice-Admiral Mark No... Kim Kardashian calls Khloe a 'single' mother amid Tristan THompson slipt rumours Kim Kardashian has appeared to confirm her sister Khloe's split from boyfriend Tristan Thompson after calling her sibling a "single mum" as she defended her for attending an event just hours after news broke of the alleged break-up. Rough sleeping in England up 73% in three years New figure show that more people are sleeping rough on the streets of England than at any point this decade, with numbers rocketing 73% since 2014. Steve and Alex are the example of this. Harry and Meghan send crowds crazy in Brixton Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's visit to Brixton left the London neighbourhood buzzing with excitement - with hundreds lining the streets to welcome the couple. San Francisco rolls out system to track homeless people San Francisco has been designing a system over the past two years to track every homeless person in the city, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. In-depth: Sandra Bullock Born in Virginia, Sandra Bullock has a very interesting family. Her father worked for the US Army and was stationed in Germany where he met her mother, who's a famous German opera singer. Street fight between cops & driver: 3 policemen suspended Three cops have been suspended for unprofessional conduct during a violent clash with a tempo driver after his vehicle collided with a police van in northwest Delhi. In one video, the man was seen chasing policemen with a sword, while in another v... Celebrity Closeup: Dakota Fanning Actress Dakota Fanning grew up in a sporty family. Her mother was a professional tennis player, while her father played minor league baseball. Her grandfather was an American football star, and her aunt is a sports reporter. RAW: Wendy Frost leaves Perth court Wendy Frost, the sister of Beverly Quinn, leaves the WA Supreme. Ms Quinn, her daughter and three grandchildren were murdered by the children's father Anthony Robert Harvey. He faced a sentencing hearing where details of the killings were revealed... Lucas Hedges begged filmmaker father not to use family nickname onset Actor Lucas Hedges has shared how he had to plead with his dad, filmmaker Peter Hedges, not to use his childhood nickname on the set of the new movie that they are shooting together, 'Ben is Back'. Car moving backwards on a busy road A person drives his car backwards on a busy road. Star File:Josh Brolin He may be the son of a famous actor, and the step-son of an iconic singer, but Josh Brolin has never been one to coast on his family ties, and kicked off his own career in his teens. Ewan McGregor's daughter slams tabloids for making offhand comment about her dad Ewan McGregor’s eldest daughter has hit out at tabloid reports that suggested she made a snide tweet directed at her father for leaving her mum and is urging followers not to believe everything they read. Sophie Turner kept Game of Thrones auditions from parents Sophie Turner hid her 'Game of Thrones' auditions from her mum and dad because she didn't think she would actually land a part in the HBO series. Baby Faced Mums - Episode 2 Meet the Baby-Face Mums Florence Murphy, Laura Heaney and Maddie Matthews. Life And Death Row -  Love Triangle - Episode 1 When Heather vanishes, detectives bring in her husband Josh for questioning. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe begins new hunger strike in Iran jail Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has begun a new hunger strike. Richard Ratcliffe said his wife's decision followed the fifth birthday of their daughter, Gabriella, who has not been allowed to leave Iran following her mother's arrest. Luke Perry's daughter Sophie missed him 'dearly' on Father's Day Luke Perry's daughter Sophie has admitted she missed her late dad "dearly" on Father's Day in a touching tribute to her parent. Top 10 Memorable MTV Teen Moms What started as 16 and Pregnant became a reality show phenomenon, giving us the most memorable MTV teen moms. We’re counting down the most iconic figures from this reality show, whether you love them or love to hate them. Sorry mums, but we’re onl... Bodies of missing Oregon mother, son found Authorities have found the bodies of a missing Oregon woman and her 3-year-old son. The boy's biological father had been charged with killing them before the bodies were found. WATCH: Undisclosed amount of cash stolen in Delmas ATM bombing Police are looking for suspects involved in an ATM bombing and robbery in Delmas, Mpumalanga in the early hours of Thursday morning. WATCH: Scary dashcam footage shows how two trucks collide head-on in Mpumalanga Two trucks collided head-on and a third was pushed off the road from Bethel to Kriel in Mpumalanga on Friday.

Dashcam footage from one of the trucks showed the chaotic scene, which involved four heavy vehicles taking up two lanes. WATCH: Looters descend on cash-in-transit vehicle after Mpumalanga heist Another day and another cash-in-transit heist. This time, the suspects were filmed while in the act in Mpumalanga. WATCH: Coal trucks set alight in Hendrina, Mpumalanga Protesting workers from believed to be from the Optimum mine reportedly set alight 6 coal trucks and a bakkie on Thursday morning because they had not been paid in months. Cameroonian mechanic offers fresh take on second-hand cars In Bafoussam, in western Cameroon, young mechanic Cédric Simen shows off his latest creation: an off-road vehicle made from recovered and recycled parts. His atypical "made in Cameroon" car tends to get a surprised reaction from local residents as... Mabuza back from sick leave, campaigns in Mpumalanga Deputy President David Mabuza has emerged in Piet Retief, Mpumalanga, after he went Russia for a routine medical trip after taking sick leave last month. WATCH: Brick slinging man attacks cops An Mpumalanga man is under police guard in hospital after being shot and injured by police at a school. Cardi B 'very sad' to spend Mother's Day working Cardi B has said she is very sad not to be spending Americas Mothers Day with her daughter Kulture Celebrity Closeup: Emily Ratajkowski Emily Ratajkowski was born in London to American parents, but had moved back to the US by the time she was five, with the family settling down in San Francisco. Jamie Dornan: 'Being a dad is the best' Actor Jamie Dornan has shared that he and his wife Amelia Warner are preparing to become parents for the third time, and he’s opened up about the best parts of fatherhood. Paris Jackson slams reports she fell asleep at the wheel Paris Jackson has just blasted reports suggesting she fell asleep at the wheel of her car, after she was pictured resting her eyes in a parked vehicle at a gas station while her boyfriend filled the tank. Kansas Senator rescued while hiking in Arizona Kansas Sen. Jerry Moran's office says the 65-year-old has suffered an ankle injury while hiking on a mountain in Phoenix. Millions of Indonesians hit the road for mass Eid exodus Millions of Indonesian muslims are travelling to their hometowns to celebrate Eid Al-Fitr with relatives across the country. The exodus takes place on various modes of transport, including cars, bajajs (three-wheeled passenger vehicles) and motorc... Baby Faced Mums - Episode 5 Meet the Baby-Face Mums Samantha Couper, Cherilee Loveridge and Forest Clayhills. Family say there's justice after man convicted in killing of woman whose body was found in a barrel The family of Jennifer Barrett reacted after Perez Cleveland was found guilty of first-degree murder in her death. A jury deliberated less than four hours before finding him guilty of first-degree murder in the 2016 death of the 42-year-old Barret... Cement Cos under government scanner again Cement companies are under government scanner for the second time within a few months, say sources. Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari is set to meet cement companies soon over arbitrary increase in prices, say sources. Several cement companies... Lady lorry drivers change gears in Ghana Rumbling along the rutted roads of Ghana at the wheel of her giant truck, Abigail Asumadu-Amoah turns heads but keeps her focus. She is one of 21 drivers working for Ladybird Logistics, a company that claims to be "the first company globally to em... Celebrity Closeup: Olga Kurylenko Olga Kurylenko's childhood in Ukraine was less than desirable, sharing a cramped flat with her aunt, uncle, grandparents and cousin. Baby Faced Mums - Episode 7 Meet the Baby-Face Mums Maddie Mitchell, Lauren Murchison and Abby Allen.