A University of Cape Town alumnus has given the tertiary
institution about R18m towards research about new life-saving drugs for
infectious diseases. Neville Isdell, a former Coca-Cola chairperson and CEO,
donated $1.24m to the UCT Drug Discovery and Development Centre, H3D. According
to UCT, the "generous donation" will be used to establish an initial
five-year Neville Isdell Chair in African-Centric Drug Discovery and
Development at H3D. H3D's director and founder, Professor Kelly Chibale, will
hold the chair position, which includes the directorship of H3D. "I am excited about playing a part in helping to
achieve African solutions to public health challenges on the continent and
across the world. I hope this support will help Professor Chibale to drive and
lead innovative research and development (R&D) of new malaria medicines, as
well as new tuberculosis (TB) and antimicrobial resistance treatments, and
train a new generation of African scientists with key modern pharmaceutical
skills required to discover modern medicines," said Isdell. UCT's Dr Amir Patel and his team of students have built the
fist jumping robot in South Africa to further the general state of research
within robotics as we know it. The donation will be used partly to lead efforts in
establishing the H3D African Drug Metabolism and Disposition Project, also
known as the H3D 'African Liver Project'. Chibale said the aim was to develop a pre-clinical discovery
tool that could be used to prioritise drug candidates. "In addition to providing useful data for targeted
clinical trial design, and eventually for the establishment of better directed
drug dosage and dosage intervals, the 'African Liver Project' will also make
H3D a unique centre of excellence where scientists from the Global North and
Africa will work hand in hand to better understand genetic variability in
diverse African populations," said Chibale. Potentially life-saving work H3D was launched eight years ago and is home to 60 staffers.
It has in its portfolio a potential drug for malaria in human trial phase. The anti-malarial candidate has the potential to cure, block
transmission and protect in a single dose. Its portfolio also includes projects
around tuberculosis and antimicrobial resistance. UCT vice-chancellor, Professor Mamokgethi Phakeng, said the
generous donation was an endorsement of the pioneering research and work done
by H3D, and would help to expand its potentially life-saving work within
Africa. "Because of H3D's initial achievements, the chair will
be extremely well placed to assume a leadership role in finding effective
solutions to the discovery of life-saving innovative new medicines. The post
will be powerfully placed for guiding thinking, discussion and decision-making
on the African continent. "Its impact will be both wide-ranging and novel since
H3D is the first and only one of its kind on the African continent, and one of
the rare integrated drug discovery and development centres set up within an
academic environment worldwide." Last year, Chibale was named as one of Fortune magazine's
"50 World's Greatest Leaders" for 2018 for his work, and was included
in Fortune magazine's annual list of "Influential figures we admire
most". Isdell was born in Ireland and raised in Zambia. He pursued
a Bachelor of Social Science degree at UCT and later joined Coca-Cola in Zambia
in 1966, before rising to CEO of The Coca-Cola company in the mid-2000s. SOURCE: NEWS24