IT seems that Orlando Pirates finally got the better of Mamelodi Sundowns. The Buccaneers have apparently beaten the Brazilians in getting the signature of Maritzburg United star Siphesihle Ndlovu. But not without some drama going down behind the scenes. Maritzburg had agreed to sell Ndlovu to Masandawana earlier in the season and what was missing was for the player to agree to personal terms. Ndlovu was represented by Steve Kapeluschnik at the time. But the 2017/18 PSL Midfielder and Young Player of the Season dragged his feet, as he was not in favour of crossing the floor to Chloorkop. It was an agreement struck in principle at the beginning of the 2018/19 season. But the player is now represented by Jazzman Mahlakgane, who has close ties with Bucs management. This latest turn of events has angered Maritzburg chairman, Farook Kadodia, because he’s not going to get the bumper transfer fee from Pirates, compared to the mega bucks he was expecting from Sundowns. This is because Pirates sold Thabiso Kutumela with a low fee when he joined The Team of Choice in the January transfer window. Kadodia has come out to say that Ndlovu is confused about where he wants to go now. The Ashdown-born player grew up supporting Pirates. Donning the black-and-white kit has been a lifelong dream. Said Kadodia: “Ndlovu is under pressure. He has a new agent, but will be playing in Joburg. I can’t really comment on whether it’s Pirates or Sundowns. “It’s up to the player now to decide. From the onset, we had negotiations with Sundowns. They didn’t agree on terms with him (Ndlovu), so as it stands he hasn’t completed a move with any club, but it’s a two-horse race. “Hence he’s under pressure to decide.” This means Ndlovu won’t be the only player from Maritzburg joining Pirates in July as Pirates have also signed Fortune Makaringe. These two players will be reunited with their former head coach Fadlu Davids. Davids, who was sacked by Maritzburg on 24 December last year after being in charge of 56 games, was appointed as Pirates’ second assistant coach. He was the key factor when Ndlovu and Makaringe rose to prominence.