 Cristiano Ronaldo insisted he has no immediate plans to retire from international football after helping Portugal lift the inaugural Nations League on Sunday.Ronaldo, 34, was a peripheral figure as Goncalo Guedes's goal won an underwhelming final against the Netherlands 1-0 in Porto.But after sitting out the group stage of the Nations League on a hiatus from international football, Ronaldo played a huge part in getting his country to the final by scoring a hat-trick in Wednesday's semi-final against Switzerland.And with a host of exciting young talent, led by Manchester City's Bernardo Silva, who picked up player of the tournament, Ronaldo is keen to hang around for the chance at more international glory as Portugal look to defend their European Championship title next year. "Portugal has won important things like Euro 2016 and now the Nations League. It may seem like an easy job but it's hard, it takes a lot of dedication and willingness," Ronaldo told Portuguese TV station RTP."As long as I have the strength and motivation, I will continue to represent the colours of Portugal."When I am with the national team I feel like at home."Victory was especially sweet for Ronaldo as the only surviving member of the Portuguese side beaten on home soil by Greece in the final of Euro 2004."I have been with the national team for 16 years and I still feel the same enthusiasm as when I was 18 years old," he added."I will always give my best and the Portuguese are always on my side so I thank them for their enthusiasm for me."I try to match that with good performances, goals, and help Portugal win trophies."  'Ronaldo should've never played vs Man Utd' - Santos on Portugal star's breakthrough Portugal head coach Fernando Santos looked ahead on Saturday to taking on Netherlands in the inaugural UEFA Nations League final.  The European champions will enjoy home advantage, with Sunday's match to be played at Porto's Estadio do Dragao.  Sa... https://www.sport24.co.za/Soccer/International/ronaldo-still-hungry-for-more-glory-with-portugal-20190610 Bernardo Silva on amazing night for Portugal Reaction after Portugal beat the Netherlands 1-0 in the inaugural UEFA Nations League final on Sunday at the Estadio do Dragao in Porto, with Goncalo Guedes scoring the winning goal in the 60th minute as Portugal secured their second title in thre... Portugal Prime Minister defends Ronaldo after rape allegations Portugal's prime minister Antonio Costa defended Cristiano Ronaldo on Saturday (6th October) despite the forward being accused of allegedly raping a woman nine years ago. STORYLINE: Ronaldo likely to return for Portugal for finals Portugal boss Fernando Santos strongly hinted on Monday (3rd December) that Cristiano Ronaldo will return to the national team for the finals of the Nations League due to be held in Portugal in 2019. Ronaldo brand 'hurt' by allegation An Italian analyst said on Thursday (4th October) that millions of euros in contracts and sponsorship deals could be at risk in the wake of allegations of rape committed by Portuguese footballer Cristiano Ronaldo.