Two people who may have been attacked by the 'night crawler'
suspected of killing homeless people in the Muckleneuk area of Tshwane, have
told police their attacker was wearing a balaclava and attacked them during the
evening while they were sleeping. A high-level task team has been established to investigate
the spate of murders of homeless people in the area after a fifth body was
discovered. Gauteng police spokesperson Brigadier Mathapelo Peters
confirmed to News24 on Wednesday evening that the specialist team has been able
to establish that two homeless men recently survived similar attacks in the
area. The men reported that their attacker was wearing a balaclava
and attacked them during the evening while they were sleeping and that they
were only attacked by one man. While police have labelled the spate of murders as the work
of a serial killer, they have called the suspect the nocturnal prowler. Earlier on Wednesday, News24 spoke to one of the homeless
men who resides in Magnolia park in Muckleneuk, Pretoria. He believes he may
have been the first victim of the 'night crawler', after he was attacked in
May. The man, who declined to reveal his identity, believes he
may have been one of the first victims, after waking up in the early hours of
the morning in May, to a man violently stabbing him. The man recounted his ordeal, saying the attack happened
around 03:00, and that his attacker was wearing a black jacket with a hoodie,
wielding a large knife. "I was the first to be stabbed," he claimed. "I was sleeping, he was silent and just started
stabbing me, he didn't say anything." The man then managed to jump up and ran into the street
screaming, his attacker then ran away. "He was running like a ghost," he explained, with
the man being fast, and silent as he ran away. The man doesn't remember how he got to a nearby hospital,
but said he was treated for several stab wounds on his left arm, stomach and
knee in Steve Biko Academic Hospital in Tshwane. When asked if he opened a case with the police, the man said
he didn't approach police because he thought it would be futile as he didn't
know his attacker. He added that there was another man who was attacked in the
area after him, who also managed to survive.  Another homeless man who sleeps in Magnolia Park said that
if he isn't given help, he might be the next to die. The man, who also did not want to be named, could not
understand why they were being targeted, as they did not have money or any
valuable belongings. He questioned whether the killer was a "sangoma"
or "mentally disturbed". On Wednesday morning, police confirmed that a fifth body had
been discovered at a bus stop near the Unisa main campus in Muckleneuk.  News24 also understands that all victims were either
stabbed, suffered blunt force trauma from a heavy object or injuries inflicted
in both manners. However, post-mortems conducted by the task team will
conclusively identify the cause of death in each case.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/exclusive-homeless-killings-night-crawler-a-balaclava-wearing-lone-wolf-20190619 