SUNEDUCATION has been touching on the importance of exposing pupils to the language of coding and digital world. This cannot be done without fully digital classrooms. And this Youth Month, Vodacom is offering over 500 female pupils from across eight provinces the opportunity to learn how to code during the winter school holidays. The Code like a Girl programme aims to develop coding skills and valuable life skills for girls aged between 14-18 years. The programme started on 24 June and will end on 5 July. During the training course, pupils will be exposed to basic knowledge of computer languages and development programmes including HTML, CSS, GitHub and Version control, Bootstrap, JavaScript and Basic Computer and Introduction to Coding.. They will also be taken on a fun and empowering life skills journey while developing coding, presentation and communication skills – to provide candidates with well-rounded development. At the end of the week, each girl will know how to develop her own website and present her work to the rest of the coding class. This offering by the network’s digital skills training is aimed at narrowing the gender digital divide at an early age. Takalani Netshitenzhe, chief officer for corporate affairs at Vodacom, said female participation is falling behind in a field that is expanding globally and men still dominate the number of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics graduates in most countries.: “The Code Like A Girl programme is designed to give girls an interest in a sector currently more popular with boys, help to widen their opportunities and increase their future career choices.” This gets worse in Mzansi where a few years ago the Engineering Council of South Africa put the total number of women engineers registered with the body to 11%. She said coding is a way of solving problems, sequential thinking and stimulating, creating and designing. and encourage them to consider the uptake of ICT and STEM subjects. “For Vodacom, teaching girls how to code is the first step towards changing their outlook towards careers in STEM fields,” she said.