SERVICE providers are apparently milking Limpopo’s poor Makhuduthamaga Municipality dry. This comes after reports during the recent state of the municipality address in April of prices being inflated. Apparently, about R1,4 million was spent unnecessarily when the municipality in Sekhukhune bought five cows for R36 000 each, while in February, it paid R153 000 for the supply and delivery of 1 900 sandwiches at a career expo. Apparently, another R81 million of irregular expenditure cannot be accounted for, highlighted in the Auditor-General’s report for 2017 /2018. During this period, the municipality also apparently went over budget by R48 million in unauthorised expenditure. Limpopo Democratic Alliance leader Jacques Smalle says the municipality’s actions are shocking and the party condemned the reckless spending. “It does not make sense for the municipality to be spending millions on a municipal address, when residents continue to live in terrible poverty without access to water or employment opportunities. “The supply and delivery of 3 500 chairs cost them R87 500. Usually, one chair costs about R10 for hire but the municipality paid R25 a chair. The tent cost the municipality R169 000, whereas the normal price for a tent is only R26 000,” Smalle said. He said it was clear that service providers pushed up their prices, while supply chain management processes were likely ignored due to the failure to find three or more quotations. “This is a clear abuse of power and contravention of processes by municipal officials to enrich their cadres and relatives. “Corruption in this municipality is a major factor that has contributed to worsening service delivery standards and poverty. “The DA urges MEC for co-operative governance Basikopo Makamu to take immediate action to probe this crime and hold officials who are implicated to account,” Smalle said. Municipal spokesman Lemson Moropjane says they were still looking at the allegations of price hikes and would only be able to provide a report when they were happy with it themselves.