SPEAKING to Daily Sun from her home in Fochville, west of Joburg, Kgomotso Mogapi (66) said she remembers 16 June 1976 as if it were yesterday. “I was injured, running with my friend and falling over a steel bin,” the emotional gogo said. “We crawled until we were clear of the massacre and jumped onto a truck and off at a filling station.” She spent a long time at an eye hospital in Joburg after she got injured. “I almost lost my right eye.” Back on that fateful day, the retired principal was in grade 12. She said the months leading up to 16 June were terrible. “We were young and very angry.” Kgomotso said whenever they went to town, they saw signs that read “Slegs Blankes” and other signs that read “Nie Blankes”. “We couldn’t understand why we should be divided,” she said. They started experimenting with homemade bombs. “At one of our meetings at Alexandra High School, students told us they’d successfully made a bomb. “We learnt how they did it and stole materials from our school labs and made our own bombs.” Gogo said on June, they went to school as normal, hiding their intentions from the teachers. “We went to Orlando Stadium, where we were addressed by leaders and told to march.” About 10 000 students were mobilised by the South African Students Movement’s action committee. Supported by the Black Consciousness Movement, they marched to protest against the government’s laws. “When cops started shooting we ran away. That’s when I was injured. We saw schoolkids including Hector Pieterson falling to the ground.” After they got away, Kgomotso and her friend could still hear the guns and the screams. “I’l never forget this day. I live with the scar I got from those scenes. Every year when the day comes, I feel the hurt. Sometimes I break down.” Speaking about the efforts to celebrate the day, Kgomotso said many survivors were unknown because government didn’t care about them. “Follow-ups should have been made of the thousands of survivors and families of the victims. “Many of these kids, who are adults now, were crippled and many are struggling yet nothing is done to help them.”