TEMBISA could lose their most prize asset – Highlands Park. The director of the Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba, Sinky Mnisi, threatened yesterday that they will be forced to move the team elsewehere from its loyal fans if the Ekurhuleni Municipality does not help them upgrade Makhulong Stadium. Mnisi claims that they have been patient for five years with the municipality playing them around with empty promises to ensure the stadium, based at the Andrew Mapheto Drive in Tembisa, meets PSL standards Said Mnisi: “I have been loyal to Ekurhuleni since my days with Tembisa Classic and again with Highlands Park. It’s sad that today we have to inform you that the decision of Highlands playing here (Makhulong) lies in the hands of Ekurhuleni. “For the past five years that we have been playing here, we have never been supported by the municipality in any way except for the field. Makhulong doesn’t have a back-up generator, no lift, no proper balustrade and the VIP area is in shambles. “The perimeter wall is too short and if there is a category-A game, like Kaizer Chiefs fans can jump causing a stampede. The stadium is not supporter friendly because no one can come early to watch an afternoon game and seat on a concrete slab for too long. We were surprised how can the only stadium that hostspPremier division matches be in this state.” The outspoken 20% club shareholder alleges that the municipality has instead spent money on amateur off-season competitions like the Phillis Games instead of renovating Makhulong. He added: “The major (Mzwandile Masina) doesn’t come to our games, but he attends the Phillis Games. They are able to sponsor between R2 million on off-season games. We share the ground with everybody including the masters. We are dealing with a hostile municipality that doesn’t want to help us.” At least Jonsson Workwear has put up a smile on Mnisi’s face with a three year partnership as their headline sponsor. However, Mnisi says they are now tired of begging the municipality and they might play their matches at Mbombela Stadium if the municipality doesn’t come on board. “I had a series of meetings and the last one was the past three weeks with the director of Sports and Recreation Atwell Sijadu who is looking after his own club’s (based in Springs) interest,” said Mnisi. “We even spent money from our coffers to ensure the stadium meets PSL requirements. Most of the things are done at Tsakane Stadium which also has a lift, but not in Tembisa. “We think we deserve better and enough is enough. We are not sure where we will play next season.” Even the broadcasters have stopped covering Highlands’ live matches due to the unavailability of equipment that would support for radio broadcasts. Municipal spokesman, Zweli Dlamini, was unable to shed any light on the matter and referred SunSport to Themba Gadebe who was unavailable for comment.