Reigning South African junior middleweight champion Nkululeko “The Bulldog” Mhlongo scored a stunning fifth round stoppage against Wade Groth on their tenth round scheduled non title middleweight contest at Turffontein Race Course Saturday night. The six bout boxing extravaganza which produced a punching power throughout the night was presented by Free State boxing promoter Lebohang Mahoko of Dream Team. Three bouts in the bill ended in a short route. The mouth-watering showpiece was Mahoko’s Gauteng debut after staging entirely in his home province and has promised to come back with more thrilling action. The hard-hitting Mhlongo who has been campaigning in the junior middleweight made his intentions clear of moving a division up. He has an easy night against the former interim SA middleweight and sent a strong message to local fighters in that division. The KwaZulu Natal born pugilist kept the loud cheering crowd on the edge of their seats showboating with his entertaining antics including fighting with one hand. An elated veteran boxer said he is eyeing SA middleweight crown held by his friend Walter Dlamini. “I knew that I was going to win the fight but I was not expecting to end so early because I wanted to entertain boxing fans. My message to Walter is that he must take good care of my title I’m coming for it,” said Mhlongo. On undercard of the bill the up and coming Layton Gloss tapped back on winning ways with a second round knockout victory over Siyabonga Mpangela. A year ago he was send to canvass by Mawanda Mbusi. In the third fight of the night the over-weighed Percy Mkhize was dropped inside third round by a well-prepared Sihle Jelwana in their flyweight encounter. In the female bout Motshidisi Mokebisi knocked Sindisiwe Ncube in their grudge rematch. The ring queens were given an extra R1000 for their effort inside the ring. The Dream Team boss has promised to comeback with more exciting shows in the venue. He lashed out to the boxers who did not make the required weight limit. “I’m happy with the turn-out and the performance from boxers was amazing, Johannesburg people shown that they eat, drink and sleep boxing. "That support has encouraged me to stage thrilling boxing tournament in the venue." Other results: junior middleweight Kuvesa Katamba won against France Ramabolu, middleweight Vuyani Kosana beat Sydney Ntsemi. 