A university graduate was sentenced to 15 years for murder
plus two years for attempting to obstruct the administration of justice by
the South Gauteng High Court in Johannesburg today. National Prosecuting Authority’s regional spokeswoman Phindi
Mjonondwane said Siphamandla Gamede (25), Bachelor of Mathematics graduate ,a was
found guilty of two criminal offences which included murder and defeating the
course of justice after he brutally killed Nkosinathi Ngema at Cherry Manor
Complex in Roodepoort in January this year. Siphamandla had initially lied saying the death was a result
of a robbery and ended up slapped with the defeating the ends of justice
charge. He pleaded guilty on all charges and had since been in
custody since the day of his arrest, 10 January 2019. Mjonondwane said in a statement, “was residing with the
deceased and the deceased’s brother in the same flat. At the time of the
incident, the brother went to his place of work leaving behind the deceased and
the accused who were still sleeping in their respective rooms. Later that day,
the accused hit the deceased with a hammer and then stabbed him several times
with a knife. The deceased died at the scene. When the brother came back from
work, he found blood inside the flat and the accused lied that the deceased had
been robbed during a robbery.” “The prosecution called the mother and brother of the
deceased in aggravation for sentence , they both testified on how the death had
negatively impacted their lives, the brother had resigned from his work place
because he could not cope with the trauma he had experienced.” “In determining the sentence Judge Mohamed Ismail said that
precondition for the court to deviate from the prescribed sentence is that
there must be compelling circumstances to permit the court to give the accused
a fairly ordained sentence. “The mitigating factors in this case is that you
have no previous convictions and you also pleaded guilty” Judge Ismael
Said. The NPA condemned the incident calling it “inhumane “ saying
Killing of innocent human beings has reached an unprecedented level in the
country. 