BANYANA Banyana start striker Thembi Kgatlana is looking forward to their crucial clash with China on Thursday in their quest to enhance their chances of progressing to the next round of the Fifa Women’s World Cup knockout stage. A victory against China, at the Parc des Princes Stadium in Paris, will keep them prolong their hopes of qualify for the Last-16 stage. They need to finish in the top three or as best number three, in order for them to make it to the next round. The match is set to kick off at 9pm (SA time). Kgatlana has already shown the world that she is nippily build but very dangerous whn thrown with the ball, when she netted a cracker, Banyana’s first ever goal in the tournament against Spain last Friday. The 23-year-old player has now turned her focus into the China game where goals as that would be helpful. Kgatlana who plies her trade in China for Beijing side BG Phoenix had this to say: “China dropped points when they lost to Germany. So both of us are desperate for the points. It is a crucial game‚ we have two games left to get six points‚ which would be huge for the country and for us.” This will not be the first time these two countries meet - in 2016 Banyana suffered a 2-0 defeat to China in the Olympic games in Brazil. Kgatlana was part of the Banyana team, however, she has vowed to dish up a different meal this time around. She stated: “When I played China at the Olympics, I was still young with no experience.” “But if you look from then to now‚ I have grown a lot. I have more courage to be able to do things on my own." There’s no doubt that Banyana took many by a surprise in their opening despite losing the match. “Before Spain people were judging us on the game we played against Norway (7-2 loss). They thought that is the tune we will bring into the tournament. “But then when we scored that first goal against Spain‚ people were surprised. We led for 20 minutes and people couldn’t believe it.” On Tuesday Banyana players took a break from training to tour around Paris. She added: “Going out has rejuvenated the team‚ allowing us to refocus and sometimes as human beings you need space. Mthokozisi Mkhonza is in France as a guest f Sasol.