PREMIER Soccer League (PSL) players will be expected to star for their respective countries at the upcoming Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon). This year’s edition, which is set to be the biggest in history with 24 teams, will kick off on Friday. The PSL is the most represented league at the tournament, with no less than 42 players. Bafana Bafana, who will be making a return to the continental showpiece after missing the last edition in Gabon, have 17 players who play in the Absa Premiership. They are closely followed by neighbours Zimbabwe, who have 13 players currently plying their trade in Mzansi’s top flight, while Namibia have five. Among the South African based players at the tournament expected to play a key role for their respective countries are Themba Zwane (Bafana Bafana), Khama Billiat (Zimbabwe), Peter Shalulile (Namibia), Richard Ofori (Ghana) and Dennis Onyango (Uganda). TOP FIVE PSL PLAYERS IN EGYPT THEMBA ZWANE (BAFANA BAFANA) The Mamelodi Sundowns star was sensational in the recently concluded Absa Premiership season. He scored four goals in 25 appearances as Downs retained their title. He was equally impressive in the Caf Champions League, where he netted six goals in nine appearances to lead the Brazilians to the semi-finals of the continental club tournament. Zwane’s scintillating form this season was recognised with three nominations at the PSL Awards. He, along with Proximus Player of the Season Percy Tau, will carry Bafana’s hopes at the Afcon finals. KHAMA BILLIAT (ZIMBABWE) The Kaizer Chiefs star will be hoping to put a disappointing first season with the Glamour Boys behind him as he looks to fire the Warriors to their first knockout stage appearance in four attempts. Billiat was the driving force in carrying the Warriors to their second consecutive qualification for the Afcon finals, scoring two goals and providing two assists in the process. He will form a devastating partnership upfront with former Amakhosi hitman and Warriors’ captain, Knowledge Musona. PETER SHALULILE (NAMIBIA) The Highlands Park striker was instrumental in helping the Tembisa-based outfit to a top 8 finish in their first season back in the top flight. He scored seven league goals in 24 appearances for Owen Da Gama’s charges last season. The 26-year-old is expected to star for the Brave Warriors in their third appearance at the Afcon finals. He netted twice in the qualifiers as they finished second in Group K with 8 points, one point behind table toppers Guinea-Bissau. RICHARD OFORI (GHANA) The Maritzburg United goal minder was inspirational for the KZN side as they retained their Absa Premiership status via the promotional/relegation play-offs last season. His influence was evident as he played all 30 league matches for the club, in what was a challenging campaign for the Team of Choice. Ofori is the first choice keeper for the Black Stars, who are looking for their first title in 37 years. DENNIS ONYANGO (UGANDA) He is coming off another stellar season with Sundowns where he helped them defend their league title and reach the semi-finals of the Champions League. He will once again be key for the Cranes, who are making their second consecutive appearance at the Afcon finals. They are making their sixth appearance at the tournament overall, with their best finish coming back in 1978 in Ghana, where they were runners up.