BANYANA BANYANA’s Fifa World Cup debut in France was a brief one. Their campaign lasted for only three games, with no points and one goal in three matches. Banyana failed to get out their group which comprised Germany, Spain and China at the ongoing World Cup. And when the team returned from the World Cup in France, they received a heroine’s welcome from politicians and local football fans at the airport. There was a feeling that if Mzansi had a full-time professional women’s league, Banyana would have achieved something greater at the World Cup. Government used Banyana’s welcome home party to make a commitment that they would give the South African Football Association (Safa) full support to start the newly-proposed league, which is scheduled to be launched in August. Safa confirmed on Friday that plans to launch the historic professional women’s league were underway. Safa CEO Russell Paul said it would cost the football federation R100 million to run a professional league every year. Paul confirmed Safa would publicly launch the new league during the first week of Women’s Month. The fact that there’s no existing women’s league in Mzansi, was one of the biggest excuses that was used for Banyana’s early exit at the World Cup. Said Paul: “We’re looking to make an official announcement of the new league on the first week of August.” “We require 22 weeks of fixtures as part of our schedule and we have allocated 33 weekends, but we have reserved 12 weeks just in case we fall behind or during unforeseen circumstances.” “We are meeting with the teams in the next two weeks to finalise their final programs and it’s systems go.” The former minister of sports, arts and culture Tokozile Xasa promised Safa R5 million over a period of five years. The MEC for Sports, Arts and Culture Mbali Hlophe also promised Safa millions to help them run the league. Safa is waiting for other MEC’s of sports throughout the country to come forward with their contributions. A total of 22 matches will be played by each team during the whole campaign. The games will be played on Saturdays and Sundays with three games on each day.