THERE is nothing friendly about the match between Bafana Bafana and their West African nemesis! At best, the practice match between South Africa and Ghana, scheduled for Saturday in Dubai, can be termed a friendly “grudge” affair. Those old enough may remember the first ever encounter between the two sides, when South Africa beat the Black Stars 2-1 in the Simba Four Nations Cup back in 1994. Two years later, Bafana inflicted yet another defeat on the West Africans, a resounding 3-0 win in their 1996 African Nations Cup clash. It was not until 2004 that Ghana recorded their first ever victory over South Africa when the Stephan Appiah-inspired Black Stars trounced Bafana 3-0 in their 2006 World Cup qualifier. Therefore it should be a feisty affair when the adversaries clash in the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) preparatory friendly. Like Bafana, Ghana are in a tricky group, paired with Cameroon, Guinea-Bissau and Benin in Group F. The friendly is equally important for them as they look to sharpen themselves for the Afcon finals. But for Bafana coach Stuart Baxter, the match will be the closest thing to a competitive encounter after Bafana failed to secure opponents for a friendly at home. The two coaches have agreed to treat the game as a practice game to allow all players from both sides to have a run. This means Baxter can be expected to field two teams, giving a run to among others Darren Keet. Keet is eyeing the No 1 spot, battling for the jersey with Ronwen Williams and Bruce Bvuma. “At the moment my personal goal is to be the first choice ‘keeper,” said Keet. “Everyone wants to play, wants to make positions their own, and I’m no different. I want to make sure I try stake a claim for the position and hopefully do well if I do get the opportunity. “We’ve been working fantastically well as a team, putting a lot of hard work in the last few weeks. Everyone has been working to be the first choices in their positions. I want to make sure I get the starting position in the team.” Oddly, though, the Bidvest Wits goalie would not be drawn on expectations on the team. “I don’t have any expectation of myself or of the team. We want to go out and do well, play well for the country and make our friends, families proud.”