Chrissy Teigen and John Legend share beauty products because they are not "sticklers" for any particular brand.  John Legend joins stars pushing for boycott or abortion ban states John Legend has joined the long list of big stars pushing for film and TV production bosses to boycott U.S. states that have recently passed strict anti-abortion legislation. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend got intimate on the first date Chrissy Teigen has revealed that when her 'All of Me' hitmaker husband John Legend, 39, became an EGOT winner they celebrated by going to In-N-Out Burger. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend celebrate daughter Luna's birthday at Disneyland Chrissy Teigen and John Legend just celebrated their daughter Luna's birthday with a princess-filled trip to Disneyland. Chrissy Teigen demands interviewers stop asking John Legend how he copes with her Chrissy Teigen has called on interviewers to stop asking her husband John Legend how he deals with her. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend want another kid Proud parents Chrissy Teigen and John Legend -  who share two-year-old daughter Luna and six-month-old son Miles - "definitely" want to have another baby together. Chrissy Teigen suffered 'jealousy-fuelled meltdown' on John Legend's 'Green Light' set Chrissy Teigen apparently has nothing but bad memories about her husband John Legend's video shoot for his track 'Green Light', because she flew into a jealous rage on set at the time! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend had a major row at Kimye wedding Chrissy Teigen and John Legend had a "major blow-out" row at Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West's wedding because she felt insecure at the glamorous event. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend celebrated EGOT win with burgers Chrissy Teigen has revealed that when her 'All of Me' hitmaker husband John Legend, 39, became an EGOT winner they celebrated by going to In-N-Out Burger. John Legend tells Chrissy Teigen she's 'sexy all the time' John Legend likes to shower his wife Chrissy Teigen with compliments and regularly tells her she's "sexy." Chrissy Teigen terrified by earthquake while in Bali The model is on vacation with her husband John Legend and their children Luna and Miles, but on Sunday (05Aug18) she took to Twitter to recount the scary experience. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend are apologetic arguers Chrissy Teigen and her husband John Legend are "both apologisers" whenever they fight, meaning their arguments never last for long before they apologise to one another. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend always have 'the same fight' Chrissy Teigen has the "same fight over and over" with her husband John Legend, as she says he doesn't listen to her. John Legend wants Luna to be a singer John Legend would love for his daughter Luna to follow in his footsteps and become a famous singer. John Legend wants more dads to tackle diaper duty John Legend wants more dads to be "active" when it comes to "diaper-changing duties", and so has partnered with Pampers to put 5,000 changing tables in men's restrooms across America. Celebrity Birthday: John Legend On the 28th December John Legend celebrates his birthday! Lets take a look back at what the A listers have been up to this week John legend joined the prestigious EGOT club after winning an award at the 2018 Creative Arts Emmys. John Legend's music dreams for daughter John Legend has revealed his 20-month-old daughter Luna is already "interested" in music and he has high hopes that she could follow in her father's footsteps one day. John Legend wants another kid John Legend would love to have another child with his wife Chrissy Teigen. John Legend is excited to meet his baby boy 'All of Me' hitmaker John Legend - who is married to model Chrisy Teigen - has revealed he can't wait to meet his baby boy. John Legend supports R. Kelly's victims John Legend believes R. Kelly's arrest, after he was charged with 10 counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse, has been a "long time coming".