The
financial position of the SABC has been worsening over the last nine months and
the public broadcaster is at the mercy of its creditors as it awaits a decision
on its application for a R3.2bn financial support from the government. This was revealed by
company Chief Financial Officer, Yolandi van Biljon, in a television interview
with the broadcaster following reports that it was facing a prospect of a
blackout if it fails to meet its financial obligations. Van Biljon said the SABC has a debt of over R1bn due to creditors,
and has to play a fine balancing act between its various priorities. "It's been like that
for the last eight to nine months," she said. Van Biljon stated that
paying staff salaries remained one of the key priorities, adding that the
company's ability to meet its financial needs heavily depended on strategic
partners who are owed "large sums of money." According to Van Biljon,
the broadcaster owes among other companies a total of R317m to SuperSport and
R208m to Sentech, which provides distribution networks. "If SuperSport or
Sentech say they are unable to carry us further, then the salaries will be at
risk. It is indeed crunch time, but we are doing everything we can to protect
the payroll," said Van Biljon. "We are planning to
pay salaries but it's extremely uncertain. It's a day-to-day monitoring
situation." The SABC is one of a
number of state-owned companies in dire need of financing, with Eskom straining
in a debt pile of over R400bn, and South African Airways also facing a debt
crisis. It's not the first time
that the dire financial situation of the SABC has come into the public domain.
In November, SABC board member Mathatha Tsedu warned the Parliament's
portfolio committee on communications that the company's Day Zero could arrive soon as the first quarter of next
year. "I think Day Zero
can happen tomorrow, if any of the big parties that we owe say they are unable
to support us," said Van Biljon. An SABC blackout could
affect millions of radio listeners and television viewers, particularly
those who depend on the public broadcaster for news.  https://www.fin24.com/Companies/ICT/sabc-faces-extremely-uncertain-financial-position-20190617 