THE July/August transfer window is now just under a month away and Premier Soccer League (PSL) clubs are expected to accelerate their pursuit of their top targets. A couple of teams have managed to land some of their targets while the others will be looking to join in on the act as well. With players set to return from holiday to begin their pre-season training in a few weeks’ time, the idea is to have the new players through the door as early as possible in order for them to gel with their new teammates. Following their disappointing season where they finished outside of the top 8 for the first time in over a decade, Kaizer Chiefs are expected to make some wholesale changes to their team. The Glamour Boys have already begun clearing out a couple of players they deem surplus to requirement as they look to make space for a number of new arrivals. They look set to bring in Zesco United striker Lazarous Kambole to add some fire power upfront after Leonardo Castro was transfer-listed while Ryan Moon was not offered a new contract. Amakhosi have also been linked with moves for Bidvest Wits duo Thabang Monare and Cole Alexandra as well as Black Leopards striker Mwape Musonda. Their rivals, Orlando Pirates, have been the busiest on the market and have already wrapped up a couple of deals. Maritzburg United duo Fortune Makaringe and Siphesihle Ndlovu are believed to be imminent arrivals along with former Amakhosi star Hendrick Ekstein and Zambian midfielder Austin Muwowo. Bucs are also believed to be front runners in the race to sign Burkina Faso striker Yacouba Songne who is currently on the books of Asante Kotoko in the Ghanaian Premier League. Mamelodi Sundowns, have been unusually quiet so far as it appears there will be more outgoings than incomings. The likes of Thela Ngobeni, Jeremy Brockie, Aubrey Ngoma, Lucky Mohomi, Mogokolodi Ngele, Cuthbert Malajila and Jose Ali Meza have all been linked with moves away from Chloorkop. As far as incomings are concerned, Downs are believed to have their sights on SuperSport United duo Evans Rusike and Aubrey Modiba with Pitso Mosimane being an admirer of the latter’ versatility.