Reality TV star and cosmetics mogul, Kylie Jenner broke her silence on her break-up with her best friend, Jordyn Woods on their KUWTK and is now reportedly mending her friendship with Jordyn Woods.  Kylie Jenner and Jordyn Woods are mending their friendship The pair's friendship is on the "road to recovery" according to an unnamed source that spoke to 'US Weekly'. Kim Kardashian to collaborate with Kylie Jenner on new fragrance Kim Kardashian is teaming up with half-sister Kylie Jenner to launch a joint fragrance. Kylie Jenner accused of stealing 'Born to Sparkle' makeup line New mum and make up mogul Kylie Jenner has just reportedly been accused of stealing another cosmetics line. Kylie Jenner's daughter Stormi hospitalised after allergic reaction Kylie Jenner had to spend the day on Sunday at hospital with her daughter Stormi, after her 16-month-old suffered an allergic reaction. Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner postpone frangance launch Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner have had to postpone their fragrance launch after the product failed to meet manufacturing guidelines. Kylie Jenner loves doing daughter Stormi's hair Kylie Jenner loves doing daughter Stormi's hair Kylie Jenner files trademark for baby range Kylie Jenner has filed a trademark for a new baby range, Kylie Baby. Kylie Jenner settled on baby's name months before giving birth Kylie Jenner had apparently settled on her baby's name 'Stormi' long before she was even due to give birth. Kylie Jenner shares childhood photographs Kylie Jenner shares childhood photographs Travis Scott denies Kylie Jenner cheating rumours Travis Scott has hit back at rumours that he cheated on long-term girlfriend Kylie Jenner in a strongly-worded statement via his representative. Kylie Jenner giving fans $20,000 and 9 designer bags Kylie Jenner is offering one of her followers the chance to win nine Yves Saint Laurent handbags. Kylie Jenner spent whole year 'creating' skincare line Kylie Jenner spent a whole year "creating" her six-step skincare line and revealed that she has been trialling the products on her own skin for 10 months. Kylie Jenner's baby loves sushi Kylie Jenner's 15-month-old daughter Stormi loves going to Nobu for sushi. Kylie Jenner's daughter had 'food-related' reaction Kylie Jenner's baby daughter Stormi had an allergic reaction to food over the weekend. Kylie Jenner is planning a hair care range Kylie Jenner has reportedly filed a trademark for a hair care range, just days after it was claimed she was planning a line of baby products. Blac Chyna discovered Tyga and Kylie Jenner's relationship after rapper kicked her out Blac Chyna learned ex-boyfriend Tyga was dating Kylie Jenner after the rapper kicked her out of the home that they shared. Kylie Jenner's daughter hospitalized Kylie Jenner's daughter Stormi was taken to hospital over the weekend after suffering an allergic reaction. Travis Scott plans to propose to Kylie Jenner Rapper Travis Scott is apparently dreaming up a "fire" proposal to make Kylie Jenner his wife, because he can't "operate" without her. Kylie Jenner, Travis Scott and Daughter Stormi dress up as 'Avengers' According to 'Entertainment Tonight,' Jenner threw Scott an early birthday party at a movie theater on Thursday to watch 'Avengers: Endgame'. Travis Scott's 'spontaneous' $50,000 gift for Kylie Jenner Travis Scott's "spontaneous" gift for his girlfriend Kylie Jenner cost him over $50,000. Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott buy gifts after cheating drama Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott have thankfully survived being rocked by a fake cheating scandal, and they've bought each other Christmas presents to prove it! Kylie Jenner shares Mother's Day pictures with Stormi Kylie Jenner shares Mother's Day pictures with Stormi Kylie Jenner names new lip kits after Taylor Swift songs Kylie Jenner names Kylie Cosmetic's Valentine's Day collection lip kits after Taylor Swift songs. Kylie Jenner hilariously responds after egg breaks her record for most liked Instagram snap Kylie Jenner has responed on social media after her record for the most-liked Instagram picture was broken by an egg, and it’s pretty funny! Kylie Jenner teases new Travis Scott song in makeup ad Kylie Jenner took to Instagram on Monday to promote her new makeup item, K Y B R O W S eyebrow pen and while serving as the model for the product, an unreleased song by Scott can be heard playing in the background. Kylie Jenner addresses Jordyn Woods' cheating scandal for first time Kylie Jenner has addressed her best friend Jordyn Woods' cheating scandal for the first time in a trailer for an upcoming episode of 'Keeping Up With The Kardashian's' Khloe Kardashian puts on brave face after split Khloe Kardashian just attended her first public event after her rumoured split from Tristan Thompson amid claims Jordyn Woods has moved out of Kylie Jenner's house following the cheating scandal. Kylie Jenner denies purposely slashing price of Jordyn Woods' lip kit Kylie Jenner has denied purposefully reducing the price of lip kits named after her friend Jordyn Woods, just days after news broke that she had allegedly had an affair with Kylie’s sister Khloe’s boyfriend Tristan Thompson. Kylie Jenner: 'I love myself more after becoming a mum' The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star has landed her first Vogue cover on the Australian edition of the fashion publication, and in an accompanying interview, she opens up about how motherhood has affected her. Kylie Jenner throws epic 'Stormiworld' party for daughter's first birthday Kylie Jenner just threw an epic 'Stormiworld' party for her daughter's first birthday taking inspiration from her baby’s dad Travis Scott's Grammy nominated album, Astroworld. Kendall Jenner says Kylie is 'practising' for baby number two Kylie Jenner might not be expecting her second child just yet, but her sister Kendall has revealed she's already "practising" for another baby. Kylie Jenner to launch 3D Halloween make-up collection Good news Halloween fans, Kylie Jenner has just created a special spooky collection concealed in 3D packaging!!! Kylie Jenner is youngest self-made billionaire Kylie Jenner is no doubt celebrating in style after becoming the youngest self-made billionaire at just 21 years old. Kendall Jenner finally collaborates with younger sister Kylie Jenner Kendall Jenner is finally collaborating with her younger sister Kylie on her very successful cosmetics line. Kylie Jenner applies to trademark baby line Kylie Jenner is eyeing a move into the baby industry by filing a trademark application for her own line of children's products. Kylie Jenner cancels daughter's first birthday party due to bad weather Kylie Jenner was forced to cancel her daughter Stormi’s first birthday party last weekend due to bad weather in LA. Kylie Jenner has been financially independent 'since 15 years old' Kylie Jenner is apparently adamant that she deserves the title of a "self-made" woman, because her parents cut her off financially when she turned 15. Kylie Jenner taking lip kits on Travis Scott tour Kylie Jenner has designed a special version of her popular Lip Kits as part of the official Astroworld tour merchandise for her rapper boyfriend Travis Scott.
Never one to miss a business opportunity, the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star debut... Kylie Jenner opens up about Jordyn Woods cheating scandal Kylie Jenner says Jordyn Woods "f***ed up" when she allegedly kissed Khloe Kardashian's then-boyfriend Tristan Thompson. Kylie Jenner 'needs to lose 20 pounds' after birth of baby Stormi Kylie Jenner has confessed that she needed to "lose 20 pounds" following the birth of her baby daughter Stormi Webster. Kylie Jenner wants to have another baby with 'hubby' Travis Scott Kylie took to Twitter while celebrating Scott's birthday to reveal that she wants to have another child in addition to their daughter, Stormi. Nicki Minaj: 'Adoro a Kylie Jenner' Nicki Minaj insiste en que pese a haber atacado a Kylie Jenner por ayudar a Travis Scott a alcanzar el numero 1 en la lista Billboard 200, siguen siendo buenas amigas. Khloe Kardashian 'doing really good' after Tristan split Khloe Kardashian’s best friend Malika Haqq has revealed that the reality star is "doing really good" following her split from Tristan Thompson following rumours that he was unfaithful with her half sister Kylie Jenner’s best friend Jordyn Woods. Khloe Kardashian reacts to rumours Tristan Thompson cheated with Jordyn Woods Khloe Kardashian has reacted to rumours that her boyfriend Tristan Thompson has cheated on her with her half-sister Kylie Jenner's best friend by posting a series of shouting head emojis. Kylie Jenner gives up on Jordyn Woods friendship Kylie Jenner has reportedly given up on repairing her friendship with Jordyn Woods. Jordyn Woods moves out of Kylie Jenner's house Jordyn Woods has finally moved out of her ex-best friend Kylie Jenner's house after she fell out with the family when she kissed Khloe Kardashian's partner Tristan Thompson earlier this year. Kylie Jenner and Jordyn Woods are patching up their friendship Kylie Jenner and Jordyn Woods are reportedly "on the road" to patching up their friendship, after falling out when Jordyn allegedly kissed Tristan Thompson. Khloe Kardashian says Jordyn Woods is 'not to blame' Khloe Kardashian has seemingly had a change of heart and has insisted that Jordyn Woods was not to blame for the end of her relationship with Tristan Thompson. Kim Kardashian teases Kylie Jenner over skincare video Kim Kardashian has teased younger sister Kylie Jenner over a skincare video. On the market: Celebrity homes for sale If you have a few million dollars lying around and you want to own the house that your favourite celeb slept in, take a look at these homes on the market this month.