You might have heard the phrase “all men cheat.” This is a term used by most women but is it entirely true? We might not know the real answer however expects believe
there is a reason to why men cheat. Whether we agree with them or not is a topic
for another day. It has been discovered that a lot of men seem to have a lot
of excuses whenever they are confronted with their cheating but the million
dollar question is why do men cheat? Here are a few possible answers: Insecurity: In some cases, some men think they are not handsome
enough or they may feel they are too old therefore they need to seek validation
from another woman besides their partner. The relationship is
not working for him: He is no longer happy in the relationship and he wants to
end things with his current partner but doesn’t want to do this without having
another woman lined up. He is just not ready
to commit: The guy was just having fun and was not looking for anything
long term. He is bored in the
relationship Some men confess to cheating because their current partner
just doesn’t have that 'fire' anymore. Men say their women tend to relax when they get comfortable
in the relationship and no longer put any effort like they used to when the
relationship was new. An example given was: “she no longer wore the sexy
underwear she used to wear when we started dating. Another example given was “she
was no longer sexually active as she was before.” Selfishness The guy is not
thinking of anyone else besides himself. He is looking at satisfying himself
and really not considering what this might do to his partner. He gave into weakness Yes, I know you might think this is impossible however it is
true. Some women actually do throw themselves at men and unfortunately men just
give in because of weakness. Because he can. Most men think that their partners are oblivious to the fact
that they are cheating. They think they can get away with it without being caught so
they go for the opportunity. Some men actually think if they are caught, their partner
will forgive them so they think “we will cross the bridge when we get to it.” Revenge Well, some men actually do not take being cheated on
lightly. If his partner has cheated on him or hurt him before he will
do so just to get even. These are just a few of the reasons however they do not
justify cheating. The partner who was cheated on may never be able to trust
their partner again and may lead to the relationship ending.   