An
attempted assassination of a SABC executive leading a clean-up operation is not
going to deter the process. This was
according to the SABC board chairperson, Bongumusa Makhathini, who said in an
interview with the public broadcaster that chief audit executive, Thamsanqa
(Thami) Zikode, was even more committed to scrutinising reports on cases of
wrongdoing. Zikode
escaped harm after he was followed from the public broadcaster in Auckland Park
to his home in Johannesburg South on Friday night. His car was
sprayed with bullets at the gate. Gauteng
police spokesperson, Captain Mavela Masondo, said one of the suspects sustained
bullet wounds. It appeared
he was injured and left behind by his accomplices when Zikode shot back at
them. Police
arrested the 32-year-old man in connection with the attack and recovered a
firearm with ammunition. They also
discovered the getaway car around Southgate Mall. Masondo
said they were still questioning the suspect in custody and are hot on heels of
the three others who managed to flee and were still at large on Sunday. The DA has
called on the police to push hard to arrest those responsible for the attack and
assess the security of SABC employees involved in uncovering the wrongdoing
there. The public
broadcaster appointed Zikode in December 2017 in line with its "commitment
to ensuring organisation stability, financial recovery, and sound
governance". Makhathini
said Zikode was heading the clean-up operation, which dealt with investigations
from the Special Investigating Unit, the Public Protector and about 180 reports
from internal investigations. He said in
the SABC interview that "no amount of intimidation or whatsoever will stop
us from doing what is right… to bring order to this place" and that people
would be held accountable. "He
[Zikode] said he is ready to do this because it is the right thing to do,"
Makhathini said, adding that they were keeping him safe. The DA said
the police should immediately institute personal risk assessments on all staff
members working to uncover corruption at the SABC and take steps to provide
SAPS protection to high risk individuals. "While
we welcome news that suspects have been brought in for questioning, it remains
clear that this is not an isolated incident. It is a coordinated effort by a
corrupt network that had turned SABC into their fiefdom and now face a real
possibility of being exposed," said the DA shadow minister for
communication, Phumzile Van Damme. "The
DA looks forward to a thorough investigation of Thami Zikode’s case, including
all the unsolved cases at the SABC, as a critical first step in restoring the
SABC as a safe working place for all its employees." SOURCE:
NEWS24