The ANC will launch an investigation into Ace Magashule's
alleged involvement in the formation of the African Transformation Movement
(ATM). Three sources who have direct knowledge of events have
confirmed to News24 that former president and ANC secretary general Kgalema
Motlanthe will lead the investigation. His panel is still to be finalised but
is said to include former speaker of Parliament Frene Ginwala. Magashule is suspected of having played a key role in the formation
of ATM, of which Mzwanele Manyi is the most prominent member. It's even
believed that he recommended that the word "movement" be included as
part of the party’s name. Evidence detailing Magashule's involvement was apparently
handed to the ANC's leadership by disgruntled ATM members ahead of the May 8
election in an attempt to have the party removed from the ballot. On Monday, the party’s leadership, including the top six,
tasked its national working committee (NWC) with the management of the logistics
of the investigation. Sources have told News24 the decision to investigate
Magashule was "not new" and that it was part of decisions recently
taken by the party's national executive committee. "This is not new; it was a decision made at the NEC and
Ace approved it to clear his name. The NWC was given a task to handle the
logistics and come back with details," said an insider. "It goes back to what we are talking about on stripping
powers. Given that he is compromised and there is doubt around the credibility
of his office, he must comply. I imagine he thinks his powers are being
usurped," the source continued, referring to reports that the top six were
in discussion to strip Magashule of some of his powers, including
communication. A member of the NWC, who did not want to be named, told
News24 the party leadership updated members on developments around allegations
against Magashule. "The officials met last week and recommended to the NWC
that Motlanthe investigate the claims. We as the NWC, agreed and said Kgalema
must investigate this matter expeditiously," one NWC said. Another NWC insider said some in the meeting had however
described the allegations levelled against the ANC secretary general as
"treasonous." The officials are expected to draw up terms of reference for
the stalwarts investigating the matter and some in the NWC want to see this
done speedily. Magashule and former president Jacob Zuma have been accused
of having a hand in the establishment of the ATM and seeking to weaken the
party. The ATM secured two seats in the National Assembly. ATM leader Vuyolwethu Zungula has denied links to the two
ANC leaders, insisting it was started by African Christian churches in the
Eastern Cape. One NEC member said Magashule was dangerous for the
organisation and believed the plan was to use ATM votes to barter with the ANC.  "They wanted us to not get a majority, they wanted to
come to the ANC with the votes, saying: 'We will help you if you leave the old
man alone,'" the NEC member said, referring to Zuma, who is facing several
legal battles. Another NEC member said the investigation was not just about
Magashule and the ATM but to broadly look at the small parties that mushroomed
ahead of the polls overall. "Yes, this thing is not just about the secretary
general but to broadly study the small parties and check whether comrades were
involved," he said. SOURCE: NEWS24