A security guard, two doctors and a nurse have been placed
on special leave following an incident that saw 76-year-old Martha Marais being
tied to a bench in the hospital. Gauteng Health MEC Dr Bandile Masuku visited the family on
Sunday and updated the media on his department's probe into the matter. The four staffers have been given an opportunity to make
representations as to why the should not be suspended, Masuku said. Marais's family laid assault charges against the hospital
after her daughter, Stephnie on Wednesday found her hungry and dehydrated
mother lying under the bench, with her hands tied to it. By Friday, the family had still not been told why she had
been restrained. Family spokesperson Virginia Keppler had said Marais was not
a violent person and in the event that she had had a psychotic episode, she was
so old and fragile that she could do no harm. 'Still traumatised' Keppler told reporters on Sunday that Marais was released
from hospital on Saturday afternoon. "She is still traumatised, she keeps on repeating
herself about what happened to her and how she was tied up... "In all fairness the family is happy with how far the
investigation has developed so far. At least now we know there [were] doctors
involved, a nurse and a security guard. It is more than what we have expected.
So we are happy there is a process that's been understaken. "We want people to go to jail, someone must take
responsibility, there (are) people being identified. The MEC has indicated that
as the investigations develops there might be more people being
implicated..." The SA Human Rights Commission also paid a visit to the
family on Sunday for its own probe into Marais' treatment. Buang Jones from the Human Rights Commission said: "The
SAHRC has obatined instructions to secure appropriate redress for the victim
and our instructions are to seek compensation and there are a number of other
orders we are seeking. The commission is very amenable to facilitating a
settlement between the family and the department of health."  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/4-mamelodi-hospital-staffers-implicated-in-tying-76-year-old-to-bench-mec-20190602    