THEY STAND in a queue waiting to feed money into the gaping slot of a one-armed bandit.They should be learning how to read and write.THEY SHOULD NOT BE LEARNING HOW TO GAMBLE AWAY THEIR LUNCH MONEY! Fuming parents in Tsakane, Ekurhuleni, said the shop owner is destroying their kids by turning them into gambling addicts. The parents now want the government to intervene. “Some kids bunk classes to go to this machine, claiming they’re gambling to get lunch money,” said Lizeka Ngwenya, who lives near the shop in Tsakane extension 11. “This is not right!” said Linkie Ndebele, mother of a seven year-old boy. “These shop owners want to make money but they can’t see they’re destroying our kids.” A mother said she was shocked when she went to the shop during school hours on Friday morning. “The kids are gambling instead of going to school. This has to stop,” said another parent. Parent Joel More (47) said the kids were becoming gambling addicts. “They even pester us to give them money to feed the machines!” said More. Pupils confirmed to Daily Sun that some kids were taking the gambling seriously. “We come from different backgrounds. I try to increase my lunch money,” said a 15-year-old pupil. “Sometimes I win, but sometimes I lose it all.” She said she wasn’t in class because her fellow pupils asked her to gamble on their behalf. “They hope I can make money for them,” she said. A 17-year-old boy told Daily Sun he keeps coming back because he likes to win. “I often win,” he said proudly. “That’s what keeps me coming back.” Kids need only R1, which they put into the slot machine and sometimes win up to R10. The SunTeam watched as pupils were fighting to be first in the queue. One pupil placed R1 in the slot and won R5 and then carried on until she had nothing. “Eish! Eish! It’s not my day,” she said. Pupils with R1 coins in their hands couldn’t wait for her to get out of the way. The shop owner, who said his name was Tony Montana, said he didn’t see a problem as they played after school. Daily Sun pointed out that the kids had been playing since morning. He insisted there was nothing wrong. When asked if he had a licence, he said: “That doesn’t matter. The kids are only playing.” Research conducted on behalf of the National Gambling Board by Wits University shows that gambling is bad for children and affects their school performance. Sidwell Medupe of the gambling board said they will send officials to investigate. “It’s illegal for underaged people to gamble. “A team from our offices will go and deal with this as soon as possible.” Gauteng education spokesman Steve Mabona said they were not aware of the activity.