After 15 years of marriage, Mzansi's favourite couple Nhlanhla Nciza and Thembinkosi “TK" Nciza have announced they are getting a divorce. The news comes just days after Nhlanhla paid tribute to TK in a Father's Day post, thanking him for being a good role model to their sons. The singer announced the news in a short statement on social media. In the heartfelt post, the musician wrote "After almost 15 years of our strong bond of marriage, my husband TK Nciza and I have come to a  tough but amicable decision to bring an end to our union. I am thankful for the support we have given each other over the years while raising our children.We shall remain on good terms and continue our endeavor to be great and exemplary parents to our children.We appreciate the support we've received from family and friends. At this stage we would like to appeal for privacy, particularly for the sake of our children. We thank you" In 2002, Nciza was pregnant with twins when she was involved in a car crash that claimed one of the children. The surviving twin, Zinathi, was killed in a car crash shortly before Christmas in 2009 when TK’s mom - who was driving with the little girl in her car- crashed into a tree. READ: NHLANHLA NCIZA REMEMBERS LATE DAUGHTER 10 YEARS LATER! The couple have three sons, Nkululeko, Thamsanqa and Luvuyo. ??After almost 15 years of our strong bond of marriage, my husband TK Nciza and I have come to a tough but amicable decision to bring an end to our union. I am thankful for the support we have given each other over the years while raising our children. We shall remain on good terms and continue our endeavor to be great and exemplary parents to our children. We appreciate the support we've received from family and friends. At this stage we would like to appeal for privacy, particularly for the sake of our children. We thank you?? All queries may be directed to David Feinberg at davidf@rwr.co.za A post shared by  Nhlanhla Nciza (@nhlanhla_nciza) on Jun 19, 2019 at 10:18pm PDT Happy Father's day Rhadebe Mthimkhulu, thank you for being such an awesome father to our boys. You are truly a blessing ?? #FathersDay #ToTheGreatDads A post shared by  Nhlanhla Nciza (@nhlanhla_nciza) on Jun 16, 2019 at 5:51am PDT  