One of the key pillars of Christianity is for every believer
to attend church. The bible tells us in Hebrews 10:24-25 to not neglect our
meeting together as believers for worship and fellowship to encourage one
another. The church in the bible is described as the Body of Christ,
and Jesus Christ – The Son of God, is the Head of the Church. In 1 Corinthians
12 we read the Apostle Paul explain this. When you come into Christ you were
baptized by one Spirit to be part of the body (the church), this is why it is
very important for every believer to be planted in a church. There are many parts that make up the body such as the ear,
nose, foot etc. This is the same in the church. There are many parts in the
church to make the church run effectively for the gathering of the believers. In the same chapter, The Apostle Paul talks about the different
gifts of the Spirit that are meant to be used in the church. God has also
blessed each of us with different special talents that are meant to be used to
glorify Him, and what better way to do that than in the church. The bible explains the difference between the local church
(Hebrews 10:25) and the universal church (1 Corinthians 12:12-13). We see that
it is important to God that we use our gifts and talents to serve in church but
it’s also important to serve others daily and not just on a Sunday. We are
called to be Jesus’ hands and feet and to serve each other humbly in love
(Galations 5:13). In the church I go to I am very fortunate to be part of
serving ministries where I am able to use some of my gifts and talents. There
are many believers who attend church but who do not serve in the church. There
are many great reasons why serving in the local church can benefit you and your
church, here are some of my reasons how serving in church has helped me. SPIRTUAL GROWTH/MATURITY In the ministries I serve in at church I'm constantly
speaking to different new people about the Bible, who Jesus is, what is church,
discipling and praying for them. So I am constantly reading my bible and memorising
scriptures. This has helped me fall in love with the Word of God and the things
of God. My Pastor, Ps At Boshoff always says “People who do not serve, never
reach spiritual maturity”, this is because you are never growing in your
relationship with God outside of your own desires and needs. COMMITTMENT It has helped me to be dedicated, it’s helped me understand
and know what faithfulness is, what duty is. Serving has taught me how to take
emotion out of things that have to be done, so I will still serve even though I
do not feel like doing it because it’s a duty I have to do, I will still go to
church even though I don’t feel like it because it’s a duty I have to do. I am
committed to the ministry; I am committed to the church, which makes me be
committed to the things of God and my relationship with God. Commitment helps a
lot with your Christian walk being part of your lifestyle. LEADERSHIP In the ministries I serve in, I am in leadership roles, we
work in teams and I have been privileged and honoured to be able to be awarded
into leadership roles. I’ve learnt how to lead from others and I also have been
taught how to lead, that has helped me to be a leader, and not just in the
church but also in my world. SERVING OTHERS Serving in church helps because you are basically doing what
the bible tells you to do in terms of serving others. If you are just going to
church, you’re just a member walking in and out of church, you’re not necessarily
serving others in the church, so already I’m doing what the bible says. And it
takes away what church is for me individually and to help other people have a
beautiful experience and not just me in the church. TRULY BELONGING IN THE BODY OF CHRIST I go to a very big mega church so there are thousands of
people at church in a service. It’s very easy as a member of the church to just
go in and out of church and feel like you’re alone, nobody knows your name,
it’s like you just don’t belong part of the family and the church. Being part
of a ministry has helped me make friends, meet different people, to be under
accountability, and it’s made me feel like I really do belong to part of the
church, the local church and the universal church. I would really love to encourage you to start using your
gifts and talents and serve in the local church. If you’re a member of a
church, get involved, find out what it is you can do to help the church and
help the people around you. I would also love to encourage you if you’re not a
member of a church to do so. It’s important and required for us as believers to
belong. The bible says in Psalm 92:13 that those who are planted in the house
of The Lord, they will flourish in the courts of our God. Meaning that outside
of the church you will thieve in your life. If you would like to thieve in life and are struggling in
different areas of your life because you feel lost, feel like you don’t have a
family, maybe even feel unloved, Pray this prayer with me to accept Jesus
Christ as your Lord and to take a leap of faith in changing your life in the
right direction. Father, I acknowledge that You are the creator of all things
including me. I believe that you sent your son Jesus Christ on earth to die for
my sins so that I can be free from sin. I ask you Father to change me, make me
new, and make me whole. Teach me your ways, teach me how to love you, love
myself, love everyone around me and love and be planted in your church. In
Jesus name I pray, Amen If you prayed this prayer, I would like to encourage you to
join a Holy Spirit filled local church and become a member under submission to a
Pastor. If you would like help finding a church or would like to share your
story with me and the rest of the sun family, you can email me at nomazwi.majola@media24.com. God bless.  