NAMIBIA coach Ricardo Mannetti had initially warned that “even small dogs bite” and his side were a calm, following their 1-0 Group D loss to Morocco on Sunday. This happened at the same venue, Al-Salam Stadium, where they will meet Bafana Bafana in their second group match on Friday night at 10pm. Following their loss to Herve Renard’s Atlas Lions, the Brave Warriors coach Mannetti said he had to comfort his players, “especially the player who scored the own goal”. Itamunua Keimuine cleared a ball into his own net a minute before the final whistle to shatter the hearts of the Brave Warriors fans who were hoping for an upset. “I am so proud of my boys for the way they executed our tactics. Sometimes the game plan may not be nice to watch, but I was up against very experienced coach, a very experienced team,” conceded Mannetti. Now the Namibians, based south-west of Africa, known better for the Namib Desert along the Atlantic Ocean coast, have turned their focus on South Africa’s Bafana Bafana. Mannetti says they will be rejuvenated for Stuart Baxter’s lads who last night played against Ivory Coast in their opening group match. Mannetti took the blame for their “unfortunate defeat” and is now working on motivating his players to forget about their loss and get their act together for Bafana, who sees them as ants in front of a cow. “We played a very strong Moroccan side and we held our own,” said Mannetti. “In the end we gave them a goal and I take the blame for that. The boys did all they could and unfortunately that happened. It’s football and we have to plan for the next match”. The coach told the official Namibia Football Federation (NFF) that “South Africa will be a different ball game with so much at stake”. He explains: “It will be a derby on Friday, so much to play for. There will be duels and clashes and we will play different from against Morrocco and they will play differently as well.” Very interestingly, Mannetti believes they are holding the Group D key and would be the ones unlocking who goes where. “... we are in there. We are playing against quality sides that have so much depth and I sacrificed players because I was playing against Morocco – World Cup team and favourites at this tournament,” Mannetti quipped. But Renard has credited the Namibians for pushing them to the last minute: “We battled because of the good organisation of Namibia – the heat, and the fact that we were playing our first match.” Explains the Frenchman who has won Afcon with two different countries: “The most important thing was to take three points and I hope Namibia will pose problems for the Ivory Coast and South Africa.”