THE ABC Motsepe League play-offs will get underway today with nine teams set to battle for the two spots up for grabs in the National First Division (NFD) next season. The nine teams who won their respective divisions located in each of the country’s nine provinces, are now just a week away from accomplishing their goal of sealing a spot in the second division of Mzansi football. The much anticipated play-offs will take place in Cape Town, with the group stages as well as the semi-finals set to be played at Erica Park. The final, though, will take place at the Athlone Stadium on Sunday. The teams, which have been placed in three groups of three teams, will play two games each during the group stage with the top three teams progressing to the semi-finals where they’ll be joined by the best team that finishes second. Gauteng region winners Dondol will kick proceedings off with a clash against Steenberg Unted from the Mother City (10 am). Tornado of the Eastern Cape will then face Free State region winners Mangaung Unite (12.30pm) before Acornbush United from Mpumalanga lock horns with Limpopo’s Mikhado FC (3pm) to conclude the day’s action. The overall winners of the play-offs after a week of football will not only be rewarded with promotion to the NFD, but will also walk away with R1 million, while the runners up will receive R500 000. “It was a huge investment for us,” said Safa president Danny Jordaan. “But it was an investment that we welcome because we want to broaden football participation to every one of the nine provinces and not just have an urban concentration.” FIXTURES TODAY Dondol v Steenberg United (10am) Tornado v Mangaung Unite (12.30pm) Acornbush United v Mikhado FC (3pm) WEDNEDAY Mangaung Unite v Hungry Lions (10am) Mikhado FC v North West (12.30pm) Steenberg United v Summer Fields Dynamos (3pm) THURSDAY North West v Acornbush United (10am) Summer Fields Dynamos v Dondol (12.30pm) Hungry Lions v Tornado (3pm) FRIDAY Semi-Final 1 (12.30pm) Semi-Final 2 (3pm) SUNDAY ABC Motsepe League play-offs final at Athlone Stadium (3pm)