WHO will win the title, who will be relegated and just how many coaches will be fired at Chippa United this season? Well, these are some of the key questions as we look forward to the big 2019-20 Premiership kick off this weekend. But the most interesting thing we can hope for in the championship race, assuming there is a proper one this time around, is Kaizer Chiefs coming to the party. Amakhosi haven’t improved in a way that they could be considered title contenders. They’ll have to defy the odds to even get into the title race “mix”. But they are the most likely of the outsiders purely because they are Chiefs, the cup kings. The Premiership needs Chiefs to do well. In fact, local football needs Amakhosi to do well. It is just not fun anymore without the mighty Amakhosi competing. Mamelodi Sundowns, however, will be favourites to clinch a remarkable 10th league title, La Decima… as Hlompho Kekana fondly calls it. Why? Because the Brazilians are getting better not worse. Though they might be slower off the starting blocks, as they usually are, you can trust them to pick up steam. Mosimane is building his outstanding record of retaining league titles and there is also the unique motivation of becoming only the second coach to win three successive titles, despite the pressure of making a proper tilt at the Caf Champions League. Yet it will be foolhardy to rule out Orlando Pirates. The Buccaneers are tired of being the “thrilling bridesmaids” in the race and would want to be ones throwing the confetti this time. Of course, there will be the title race outsiders, Bidvest Wits, SuperSport United and lately Cape Town City, who can be expected to gate crash I predict Mwape Musonda to retain his top goalscorer’s award (It’s mind-boggling that the struggling Amakhosi didn’t lure him to Naturena), though compatriots, Justin Shonga and Lazalous Kambole, may have a big say in race. As ever, the relegation battle will be one of the tightest with Bloemfontein Celtic set to be sucked in the whirlpool, which will involve Baroka and Chippa United. The first coach to be sacked? Clinton Larsen. No explanations needed. And oh, Victor Gomes will again keep Twitter furiously buzzing for another season with his whistle. It’s going to be humdinger! Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter via @Kgomotsso