THE Premier Soccer League (PSL) have released a statement confirming that cash-strapped South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC) will not televise the opening round of Absa Premiership matches this weekend. Failure for the public broadcaster to secure the rights from pay-channel SuperSport will leave millions of South Africans‚ who don’t have access pay television‚ not being able to watch the country's most popular sport on TV when the season starts on Saturday. The public broadcaster have also not managed to secure the radio rights with the PSL. Approached for a comment SABC spokesperson Vuyo Mthembu confirmed that the public broadcaster failed to reach an agreement with rights-holders SuperSport to broadcast the matches. Without divulging much Mthembu said: “There is no agreement and we are not showing the matches this weekend. I have no idea how long it will be." The PSL released a statement explaining the blackout. “The PSL regrets that the South African followers of the beautiful game will, as a result of matters beyond its immediate control, not find the PSL football matches on the free to air television and radio channels of the SABC. “This was brought to the PSL’s attention yesterday (Friday), 2 August 2019 by SuperSport, the broadcast rights holder. "Up until the beginning of this week we were made to believe the final bits were being ironed out towards yet another exciting season that the majority consume on free to air television provided by the SABC.“According to SuperSport, the SABC proposal is tantamount to discounting the PSL rights by ninety six percent. This would be unacceptable." The time slot between 2.30pm and 5.30pm merely states: “To be announced”. In April‚ the cash-strapped SABC failed to televise the premier Two Oceans Marathon and a last-minute deal was later struck to televise the world-renowned Comrades Marathon after intervention from former Minister of Sport Tokozile Xasa. Earlier this year‚ the SABC failed to televise some of Bafana Bafana’s Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers‚ as they could not agree on the valuation of the rights with the South African Football Association (Safa).    