A MUM and daughter are living in fear after they saw the man who allegedly raped the little girl roaming around. Now the family is afraid to leave the house. The mum said her daughter (9) was raped on 11 July by a man from the area. “I heard her brother shout that she had blood coming out of her. I asked her what happened. She started crying and told me a man raped her,” said the mum. She said her daughter told her she was playing with other kids at a neighbour’s house when a man came, held her by her neck and dragged her away. The mum said she opened a case at the Verulam Police Station but didn’t receive a case number. “She said he took her to a hidden spot and raped her on an old sofa. She said he threatened to kill her if she told anyone about what he did,” she said. “We were told to go to hospital, where a doctor confirmed she was raped,” she said. She said as cops were not doing anything, she and her neighbours tried to search for the man. “Last Friday, my daughter noticed the man walking near our house,” she said. Residents chased after him and beat him up. “A police van passing by stopped. They took him with them.” But on Monday they saw him roaming the streets. “I thought he was arrested. We’re now terrified. I have to take my daughter to school and fetch her in the afternoon. We always stay locked up in the house,” she said. Colonel Thembeka Mbele said an incident was reported and an inquiry was opened. “It was transferred to the Phoenix family violence, child protection and sexual offences unit for investigation.” The investigating officer is in contact with the complainant and the victim. “The complainant is aware of the inquiry as well as the inquiry number and circumstances that led the police to open an inquiry instead of a case docket. The investigation is continuing and no arrest has been made at this stage,” said Mbele. And when the mother was asked about being informed about the matter she said nobody explained anything to her or contacted her since she went to the police station.