FIVE YEARS ago, when Senzo was buried, Sam Meyiwa leaned out of a car to greet people.On Saturday, while Sam was being laid to rest, a man from a funeral parlour thought it would be cool to copy him.HE MADE A JOKE About a man who died mourning for his murdered son! The picture from five years ago of Sam leaning out the window to acknowledge the crowd at a packed Moses Mabhida Stadium, waving his hands and greeting people who’d come to bid his son farewell, is well-known. Soon after the funeral, the Sam Meyiwa challenge trended on social media, with people imitating Senzo’s father. At the time no one knew what hell Sam would go through on his own journey to the grave. But since news of Sam’s passing on Monday morning, a few have joked about that, except for a man who works at Khayelihle Funeral Services in Pietermaritzburg. The man, who was not part of the funeral service, saw it fit to copy Sam on the day of the funeral. He even leans out of a hearse, much like the picture on social media. The CEO of the funeral parlour, Muzi Mkhize, confirmed to Daily Sun the man was a staff member. “He was not mocking anyone. He just took a picture in a hearse,” said Mkhize. “We have no business or connection with the Meyiwas. We don’t know them.” Cultural expect Mtimande Ngwenya told Daily Sun those who disrespect the dead invite bad luck. On social media, Cindy Mokwena seemed to reflect the opinion of the people. “One must know when it’s time for jokes and when it’s not. This is no time for jokes,” she said on Daily Sun’s Facebook page. Lungile Msomi said: “This funeral parlour just messed up things for themselves. I wish their clients see them for who they are. They’ve got no ubuntu.” Bheki Brian Kunene said: “I hate what’s happening to the Meyiwas. Senzo’s case hasn’t been solved and now there are clowns making fun of everything.” Funeral Industry Reformed Association spokesman Johan Rousseau said funeral parlours need to bring back dignity and professionalism to the funeral industry. “We need to go back to our roots, where respect was a priority,” said Rousseau. Sam (66) died in the early hours of Monday at his home in Umlazi, south of Durban, after suffering a second stroke. He had been wheelchair-bound since suffering his first stroke in August last year.