AFTER narrowly missing out on the Absa Premiership title in the previous two seasons, Orlando Pirates believe their time has come as they look to make it third time lucky. The Buccaneers finished second last season, a mere two points behind champions Mamelodi Sundowns in what was a fierce title race that went right down to the wire. The season before, Bucs were also pipped to the title by the Brazilians by five points. Since the appointment of Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic in August 2017, Pirates have been on an upsurge and are yet to finish outside of the top two under his guidance in his second tenure at the club. However, despite the Sea Robbers’ evident improvement under Micho’s tutelage, they still do not have anything to show for it in the form of silverware. And with the Soweto giants’ last league title obtained seven years ago, Micho is now under pressure to make all of his good work count at the club by delivering the elusive title. The first step towards that goal begins tomorrow (6pm) when Pirates host Bloemfontein Celtic at the Orlando Stadium in their opening PSL encounter. “Tomorrow will mark exactly two years since I took over and when I look back, I see a lot of improvement,” said Micho. “There are things that are called ‘trophies’ and there are some ‘invisible trophies’ that will be left as a legacy even when I leave this great club. “So, we are not at all thinking about what could have been, but we’re looking ahead and focusing on the upcoming season. “We are relaxed because we have leadership that is pushing us to reach the required criteria and standards. Once we reach those, then trophies will come naturally. “At the moment, we are concerned with getting the best out of each member of the team. We shall see what football will pay us back for the enormous effort we have put in.” Midfielder Ben Motshwari, on the other hand, has promised the Bucs’ faithful that they will double their efforts to bring them joy. “Last season we made a couple of unnecessary mistakes,” said Motshwari “Our form at home was also not as good as it could have been. We have to improve if we want to win the league. We want to make our fans happy and I think we should start the same way we finished last season at home against Polokwane City.”