AS much as she had dreams of representing the national team at the top level, Rachel Sebati wasn’t upset when her name wasn’t called in Banyana Banyana’s final 23 players for the Fifa Women’s World Cup. The 26-year-old midfielder said she’s used to disappointments, but believes in the adage: everything happens for a reason. “The fact that I didn’t make the World Cup squad doesn’t bother me at all. My faith kept me strong and I believe nothing just happens,” she said. “Everything happens for a reason.” Sebati jetted off to Eastern Europe last week to join her new club ZFK Minsk. She said not going to the World Cup was a blessing in disguise. “I always knew that God has better plans for me. While the team left for the World Cup, I got this opportunity to train in Belarus. If I went to the World Cup in France, I wouldn’t been here today. All I needed was trust in the process and I did just.”The last time Sebati was part of the Banyana setup was when they were preparing for the World Cup in May. In 2017, Sebati also became a regular in the national team. She was part of the Banyana squad that won Cosafa Cup back-to-back in Zimbabwe 2017 and Port Elizabeth last year. This year, the Limpopo-born midfielder was not coach Desiree Ellis’s plans for the tournament that commenced on Wednesday at Wolfson Stadium. Now, Sebati is hoping her new move to the Belarusian Women’s Premier League club Minsk will see her compete in the Uefa Women’s Champions and help her reclaim her spot in Banyana. She stated: “I have been disappointed so many times in my life and that made me more strong, courageous and persistent individual. Honestly, I am hoping this move will help me get back to the national team. “I’ve always dreamt of being one of the national team players, not just a player but a consistent one.” She believes the move will also help her personal growth. “I’d love to play for big teams. My dream is not only to end here but to grow from here.I also see this as the beginning of greatness. The experience will hopefully take me to greater heights”