 COSATU is happy with the progress and discussions around the
road map for job creation brainstormed during the Job Summit initiated by
President Cyril Ramaphosa. Ramaphosa received the report by the National Economic
Development and Labour Council which is yet to made public. The report follows the summit which was held last year in
October where all the role players came under one roof to discuss how the
country could create. The summit came after thousands of people lost their jobs
through retrenchments with many more also projected job losses as the economy
was taking a beating. The team yesterday tried to give an insight of the report
without giving too much detail. All the team could say was that certain bottle
neck were identified that should be dealt with. Cosatu general secretary Bheki Ntshalintshali, who was part
of the discussions, told reporters at a media conference at Nedlac head offices
at Rosebank in Joburg, discussions for the way forward had been fruitful. “We came here (to talks) with some doubts but we were happy
to hear that they (parties) are sticking to the commitments. We are confident
that all the challenges that are there are not insurmountable,” Ntshalintshali
said. Also encouraging, he said, was the fact that the issue has
been elevated to the highest office of the president and deputy president who
are part and parcel of the process. “The hope has been revived. But labour and business have to
meet as a matter of urgency to iron out some of the issues. With fewer people
some of the other contagious issues can be ironed out,” he said. Ntshalintshali also revealed that one of the issues that
worried the federation was the change of policies and they were comforted by
the fact that there was progress in that regard. He added that some of the issues which were raised as of
great concerns, were the issue of electricity. Minister of Employment and Labour Thulas Nxesi the report
will be made public once relevant comments had been received. But first, he said, it will have to be presented the
president’s high-level team. Nxesi said bottle necks identified during talks included
Eskom, water crisis and the issue of visas which caused an uproar and
reportedly led to loss of tourism revenue. 