General secretary of the SACP Blade Nzimande lambasted the EFF leader Julius Malema for calling on the removal of Minister Parvin Gordhan.  Nzimande said this during the party’s rally at Ermelo in Mpumalanga when they were celebrating 98th anniversary.  He said the only reason why the EFF are fighting comrade Gordhan is because he was a commissioner at Sars and he is the one who said the Ratanang Trust did not pay any taxes at that time.“Comrade Gordhan nailed those who are selling illicit cigarettes. Even this sudden support to the public protector, they are only doing it because they are fighting those who want to root out corruption,” he said. Nzimande went on to call upon the members and the public at large to continue supporting the Zondo Commission so that theft and corruption can be dealt with. “Looking back where we come from, today, as part of our 98th anniversary celebration, we remember all our departed party members. We commit to honour them by rededicating ourselves in intensifying the struggle for a more radicalised national democratic revolution, our programme for national transformation and development, the most direct route to socialism,” he said.He said the single biggest immediate threat facing their revolution and movement is state capture and counter-revolution. “As the SACP we have therefore come to the conclusion that defeating state capture and its networks will require the maximum possible unity of all South Africans to defend our democracy, as the state capture agenda threatens to roll back all the gains we have made since 1994. ”Nzimande said the looting and wholesale mortgaging of Eskom, Transnet, SABC, PRASA, Denel and other public entities and state institutions to private interests of greed is in essence the destruction of the capacity of the very democratic state they seek to build. “But the struggle against state capture must essentially be based on the intensification of anti-capitalist struggles, as state capture and capitalist greed are inseparable."   