In the current economic climate, South Africans are hedging their bets by investing abroad and by acquiring a second citizenship or residency overseas at an unprecedented rate.  Immigration experts Sable International say they have seen 70% increase in enquiries and 45% increase in clients over the past year.  “The reasons vary tremendously, from concerns about our country’s policies, to wanting to school children abroad, to wanting to diversify their investments offshore or simply wanting to travel more easily without challenging travel visa requirements – they want to become global citizens,” says Rissik. He lists the current top residency and citizenship options as ranging from citizenship by investment programmes in Grenada, Cyprus or Malta, to the EB-5 USA investment visa, to the popular range of options for Australia, Portugal and the UK. There are complex tax, wealth and money transfer implications involved in most of the deals, but many offer both a beautiful environment and a safe haven for investment. “A key issue is that if you’re planning on relocating, you need to review the tax implications and exchange control regulations before you make your move. You need plan how and when you access and transfer your financial assets and if you need to financially emigrate or not,” says Rissik. “Most people have to understand how to buy or rent property, open bank accounts, understand the tax laws and other fiscal implications. You need to do your homework or you’ll have a nightmare, so many South Africans embark on this complex and risky journey with the guidance of smooth real estate sales people preying on the fact that South Africans are fearful about their future, buyer beware!” Grenada citizenship and the E-2 American visa Grenada is a beautiful country of lush, tropical forests, stunning waterfalls and gorgeous sandy beaches. While it has much to offer residents, the Grenadian Citizenship-by-Investment Programme doesn't require you to live in or visit the country to apply. Grenada is the only Caribbean country with visa-free access to China. It also has a citizenship-by-investment programme and an E-2 Investor Visa Treaty with the US, meaning Grenadian citizens are eligible to apply for a non-immigrant visa. Malta and Cyprus Individual Investors Programme Malta and Cyprus offer two of the most attractive citizenship-by-investment programmes. Investing in Malta can grant EU citizenship within 18 months and visa-free access to 182 countries including the UK and US. Cyprus offers an even faster route to EU citizenship – as little as six months. Its citizenship-by-investment programme is well-suited to families and, once granted, citizenship is valid for life and can be passed down for generations. American EB-5 Investment Visas            