KAIZER Chiefs will on Sunday (3pm) begin their mission of trying to redeem themselves following a disastrous season last term. Amakhosi recorded one of their worst campaigns last season, finishing outside the top eight for the first time in 13 years. They were also humiliated by National First Division (NFD) outfit TS Galaxy in the final of the Nedbank Cup, extending their four-season trophy drought – the longest in the club’s history. Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp doesn’t need reminding just how disastrous the previous campaign was, and would rather focus all of his attention on the plan to ensure that they improve. Their first opportunity to show their intentions for the new season will come against one of the overachievers from last term, Highlands Park. The Glamour Boys will make the short trip to the East Rand to face Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba in a sold-out affair at Makhulong Stadium on Sunday. This is Amakhosi’s second sold-out game in two consecutive weeks, following last weekend’s Carling Black Label Cup encounter with Soweto rivals Orlando Pirates at FNB Stadium. They will be hoping that their 2-0 defeat to Bucs was not an indication of what will happen this season. Middendorp and his charges, however, will take confidence from the fact that they took four points from their Highlands Park last season. “We have done our homework. We respect Highlands Park because they are a good side. “But we did well against them last season. They do lots of things right, so it will be a tough game on Sunday,” Middendorp. The German mentor is confident that new players like Lazarous Kambole will also come to the party to ensure Chiefs start the season on a positive note. “We have brought in new blood in the team. I think we are better prepared to challenge for the honours this season.” Highlands, who had a surprisingly good season in contrast to Amakhosi, are eager to pick from where they left off last season to maintain their place in the top eight. Their coach Owen Da Gama believes they are ready to add to Chiefs’ woes. “Last season was a good one for us, we just want to improve on that. We’re opening our campaign against a difficult opponent. But the good thing is that we’ll be playing in front of our home fans. We will try to make the 12th man count,” said Da Gama.”