                                                                                                                                                                                    Aries (Mar 20 -
Apr 19) Love: The way
your relationship worked before is not an ideal situation anymore. You’ll have
to reassess. Self: Your own
irritability is causing friction between you and your lover. Yes, it can be
your fault. Mind: Focus on
your own goals and not those you’ve ‘decided’ will work for everyone else. Taurus (Apr 20
- May 20) Money:
Financially you’ll have to sharpen your pencil or some old mistakes will be
back to haunt you. Love: If
something is making you unhappy talking about it won’t change it; you’ll have
to institute a change. Self: It might
be difficult for you to take the lead but sooner or later you will have to.  Gemini (May 21
- Jun 20) Mind: The past
and the future are of no concern to you now. You have to live in the moment. Love: Your own
insecurity has to be resolved before you’ll find true happiness and fulfilment. Self: You
shouldn’t be in a relationship because you ‘need’ somebody; it should be
because you love them.  Cancer (Jun 21 - Jul
22) Love: You’ll
need to set a boundary between love and friendship. It appears that somebody is
confused. Self: The real
question to ask is probably whether you’re interested in more than just being
‘pals’. Life: The
quicker you make a clear-cut decision the quicker everybody can work towards
the right goal.  Leo (Jul 23 -
Aug 22) Love: An old
friend is not just an old friend. Why don’t you just admit the truth of your
feelings? Life: If you’re
single there is potential happiness in reconnecting with this person from your
past. Self: Confusion
about feelings can be sorted through quickly if you’re honest with yourself.  Virgo (Aug 23 -
Sep 22) Mind: It
shouldn’t be embarrassing to admit that you were wrong about something. Life: Anyone
can make a mistake; don’t take yourself or other people too seriously. Self:
Continuous fretting about a problem does nothing to solve it. More than likely
it makes it worse.  Libra
(Sep 23 - Oct 22) Money:
One bad choice has had a domino effect. The lesson to learn is not to buy the
cheapest option. Life:
When making a big purchase you should compare price and quality, not just the
price. Self:
Ponder your financial decisions carefully; the salesman is only interested in their
commission.  Scorpio (Oct 23
- Nov 21) Love &
Money: You’ve never shied away from an argument before why are you doing it
now? Life: Keeping
quiet about things that bother you is not a solution to anything. Self:
Resentment builds up whilst you think you’re maintaining the peace. You’re
making a mistake.  Sagittarius
(Nov 22 - Dec 21) Love: It is
difficult for your lover to hear about your past loves. Be sensitive to their
feelings. Life: Don’t
always jump to the conclusion that your partner is at fault; you also have your
failings. Self: Take
responsibility for yourself, your actions and your life. The person to blame or
praise is you.  Capricorn (Dec
22 - Jan 20) Love: Did you
put your pride in your pocket yesterday and simply say ‘sorry’? Life: It is
never too late to correct your mistakes; there is always something you can do
to make it better. Work: There
will be some minor issues regarding work and friendship- you need to draw the
line.  Aquarius (Jan
21 - Feb 18) Life: The
dilemma is whether to choose work and commitment at home or relaxation and
social life. Self: Your
choice will always be friends. Should you re-think your habits of putting fun
first? Mind: Be strict
about commitments to meetings. You cannot accept three invitations for the same
afternoon.  Pisces (Feb 19
- Mar 19) Life: Not
everyone has good intentions & even if they do their own interests might
not be your best interest. Self: The
question is not whether you should be more trusting but whom you should bestow
your trust upon. Mind:
Reconsider the entire situation that has caused trouble. You could have made different
choices. 