The dispute between the PSL and Safa over the OUTsurance referees sponsorship is far from getting resolved. Yesterday, referees officiating in PSL matches were not wearing the purple and lime kit emblazoned with OUTsurance logos. They were wearing traditional black outfits. When Safa announced the R50-million sponsorship deal with OUTsurance last year, the PSL challenged the use of OUTsurance kit at their matches and took the national association to court. The league claimed that the OUTsurance sponsorship devalued the league's sponsorship partnerships with Absa, which is the league’s title sponsor and other sponsors which fund the league's cup competitions. In a Tweet yesterday, Safa clarified their stance: "This matter was due to go to court recently, and consequently, the parties reached an agreement to have the matter arbitrated, ideally prior to 1 August 2019." "The agreement between the parties reflected that SAFA would not implement the sponsorship agreement concluded between the South African Football Association and OUTsurance, at any matches in ‘The ABSA Premiership’ and ‘The Nedbank Cup’ matches, until the resolution of the arbitration." "Due to circumstances beyond our control, the parties have been unable to have this matter resolved prior to 1 August 2019, SAFA have now moved to expedite this matter for urgent resolution in the interest of all parties." "Whilst SAFA affirms it’s belief that is within its rights to continue to use the OUTsurance branded kit in all matches, it has taken cognizance of the request by OUTsurance to allow the arbitration process to play itself out." "In the meantime, OUTsurance sponsored Referees will continue to wear the OUTsurance branded kit in all other PSL, NFD, DISKI Challenge, ABC Motsepe League and other related matches." "The governance of football in South Africa remains unchanged, in line with World Football according to the statutes of FIFA / CAF, where SAFA is the authoritative structure for all football in this country, and all professional football leagues or any other structure is subordinate to SAFA. This fact is confirmed and amplified by the relevant FIFA Articles in its Statutes." 