ALMOST forgotten striker Prince Nxumalo, who recently joined Bidvest Wits, said he still has an unfinished business in the Absa Premiership. Nxumalo was among 10 new signings who were unveiled by the Clever Boys last Friday, as he makes his PSL return from National First Division (NFD), where he was playing for Ajax Cape Town. The 29-year-old striker made a name for himself when he, together with Thobani Mncwango, finished as joint second top-scorers with 13 goals during 2015-2016 PSL season. They were one goal behind Golden Boot winner Collins Mbesuma, who found the back of net 14 times in the league that campaign. Having rejoined coach Gavin Hunt at Wits, whom Nxumalo once worked with during his days at SuperSport United, the player believes he can regain his form and become one of the best strikers in the top flight again. “As a striker, I’m confident that I can win the Golden Boot. I was there in 2015-16 season, and I can do it again with the quality of players we have at Wits,” Nxumalo stated. The player admitted that he did not have a good campaign last season with Ajax in the First Division. However, he has put that behind to help Wits win their second league title. “I’m grateful for this opportunity to comeback in the PSL. The past season was not good for me as a striker,” Nxumalo said. “I played a couple of games and scored just five goals, but I was not happy with that. Coming to a PSL club I need to work extra hard to regain my scoring form.” The striker embraces the stiff competition he will face at Wits, as the club already have deadly strikers like Gift Motupa, Simon Murray and Haashim Domingo. Nxumalo added: “There’s a healthy competition from the likes of Motupa and others, but they will push me to go an extra mile to ensure I get the nod. “There’s no time to rest. Wits are a ambitious club and they want to win trophies. “As a striker, I need to contribute to the club’s success.” The former Golden Arrows striker’s progress has largely been derailed by a spate of epileptic seizures over the past few seasons.