The saliva of a small group of e-cigarette users contained increased levels of three DNA-damaging compounds, the researchers said. These chemicals are formaldehyde, acrolein and methylglyoxal. Further, four of the five e-cigarette users showed increased DNA damage in their mouths related to acrolein exposure, when compared with people who don't vape.    "However, I think just considering these devices as safe by this comparison is not good enough," Balbo said. "It's not good enough to say something is safe because it isn't as bad." But she added that this study on its own does not prove that e-cigarettes cause cancer, only that the devices produce chemicals that damage DNA in ways that can lead to cancer. "This study cannot determine whether e-cigarettes are carcinogenic or are causing a risk for cancer," Balbo said, noting that alcohol and sunshine also damage DNA. This is the latest in a series of studies that have called into question the safety of e-cigarettes. In June, a study in the journal Arteriosclerosis, Thrombosis and Vascular Biology reported that chemical flavourings in e-cigarettes harm the cells of blood vessels in a way that could trigger future heart damage. For their study, Balbo and her colleagues wanted to gather more information about the types of chemicals produced by e-cigarettes that make their way into the bodies of people who vape.  They recruited five e-cigarette users and collected saliva samples before and after a 15-minute vaping session, looking specifically for chemicals known to damage DNA. To assess possible long-term effects of vaping, the researchers also collected cell samples from volunteers' mouths and evaluated them for DNA damage. The most concerning findings were related to acrolein, which is produced when glycerol is heated. Propylene glycol and vegetable glycerine are two of four main ingredients found in e-liquid, according to the Consumer Advocates for Smoke-Free Alternatives Association. More research will be needed to see whether the levels of these chemicals are concentrated enough to be dangerous to human health, said Dr Norman Edelman, senior scientific adviser to the American Lung Association.  "There was an old German chemist who said, 'Everything is potentially a poison. It's all a matter of dose,'" Dr Edelman said. "It's quite clear there are chemicals in aerosol people inhale when they vape that are carcinogenic, but whether they're going to cause cancer and to what degree is something we don't know."       