He has two penises and he is also the author of two books. He is known as Diphallic Dude or DoubleDickDude (DDD). DDD, who was born in 1989 and lives in America, loves reading and traveling. He enjoys listening to classical music and his favourite food is Italian. He was parachuted into the spotlight in 2014 when he "came out" in a Reddit "Ask Me Anything" which included Not Safe For Work (NSFW) pictures. Health24 contacted DDD via Twitter and on request for a diagram of his condition, he provided Health24 with this full frontal picture of his double penis.  WARNING: not for sensitive viewers. In the Reddit post, that turned out to be one of the most popular of all time on the Social Media platform, DDD stated that he was born with what is called diphallia, resulting in two penises, which affects 1 in 5.5 million American men. There are no stats available for South Africa. People with diphallia can have two penises that are of normal shape, size, and function, while others can have genitalia that are small, malformed, and unable to urinate or ejaculate. A year after the Reddit post, DDD penned an e-memoir titled Double Header: My Life With Two Penises, followed by Double Stuffed: Steamy Tales From My love Life with Two Penises. We checked in with the 27-year-old living out on the East Coast of the USA, and who identifies as bisexual. Society has a difficult time accepting someone who is different, and this inspired DDD to speak out about diaphillia. "On the outside we are all unique, but on the inside we all share the same things, emotions, hopes, dreams and fears. Compassion is in short supply, if we can have compassion for each other, while embracing individuality, the world would be a better place." DDD said his hope is that people will come to understand that inside we are all the same. "We all have hopes and dreams, we all laugh and cry. Treat each other with respect, kindness and compassion. It's the only way the world will survive." Diphallia can cause health problems, including erectile dysfunction but DDD indicated that he is perfectly normal. "Besides a larger than average prostate, I am not afflicted with any of the other usual complications. Thankfully I am otherwise healthy and 'normal' by most standards." However, DDD noted that he had corrective surgery twice already. "In my youth I had one corrective surgery to fix a pinch in my left urethra where it forks out from one into two. It pinched and needed to be altered to allow urination." In February 2014, DDD had another surgery to correct the same problem but discovered that the one shaft inside his body had slack from the suspensory ligament, only connecting securely to his right penis. DDD pointed out that once the suspensory ligament was cut, both penises were allowed to extend to their full flaccid length. "Since the corrective surgery I have had no problems." The journey to accepting his rare congenital condition was not free of emotional distress, DDD told Health24. He said in his teens there was a time when he wanted one of his penises removed. "However, after a long talk with my father, who assured me of his and my mothers love and acceptance, I decided not to go through with the surgery. I am happy that I still have two." Commenting on his writings, DDD noted: "I try to inspire others to embrace their own bodies and be comfortable enough to accept themselves." SOURCE:HEALTH24