Good medical care for your child is essential, because journeys to the paediatrician, prescriptions and other healthcare costs can really add up over time. Fortunately, it is not usually a problem to add your child to your employer - sponsored health plan or to your own plan. Remember also that even with health insurance, you may be responsible for some out - of - pocket expenses when it comes to birth and family care plans. “Obtaining a life insurance policy and creating a will is not only part of intelligent financial planning, but can also provide comfort knowing that there is a plan to protect and care for your family” says Nomasonto Lemeko, Head of Voice and Digital Advisory Centre Standard BankFor most parents, life insurance plays a key role in ensuring that your child is cared for if something happens to you. It is important to ensure that you have comprehensive disability insurance to protect your family in the event of an unexpected disability. Your employer's leave policy can have a major impact on your financial situation after the birth of your child.Everything from the cost of the birth, which can easily range from R25,000 to R35,000, to complications during delivery and the subsequent medical costs must be considered. Here are some of Ms Lemeko tips for ensuring the costs of pregnancy don’t catch you by surprise: Maternity Leave Check with your employer to find out the length of your maternity leave and whether any of it will be paid. By law, all employers in South Africa must grant female employees four consecutive months maternity leave during pregnancy but they are not obliged to pay you during this time. Check with your employer beforehand to avoid unnecessary contractual disputes. Medical Scheme: make sure you are aware of what is covered by your scheme and what isn’t. The first thing to realise is that it is unlikely a medical aid will cover you after you have fallen pregnant. Your medical aid needs to be in place before the pregnancy commences. Medical aid schemes also offer different options, typically ranging from budget to premier, all providing different amounts of cover. If you’re on a budget option you might only be allowed to have the birth at a specific hospital network while certain things like C-sections, home birth or post birth consultations with a mid-wife may not be covered.· UIF: South African citizens who are on maternity leave can claim unemployment insurance for up to four months, with pay-outs varying dependant on your gross monthly salary up to an individually calculated maximum a month. Make sure you have all the appropriate documentation in place beforehand, such as your most recent two payslips, certified copies of your ID, the appropriate application forms as well as bank statements.· Baby Equipment: after raising two children, Lemeko speaks from experience when she says that people always over-spend on the first child while the last child has to make do with hand-me-downs. “When you’re expecting your first child you want the best pram, the cutest baby clothes and the best cot you can afford,” says Lemeko. “But I can tell you that when the fifth child comes around, you’re quite happy to put your baby in a second-hand pram”. Lemeko advises dividing your baby gear into essentials versus nice-to-haves. For example, a quality car seat with the necessary safety rating is an essential item that one shouldn’t skimp on. However, when it comes to prams you can usually make do with a more affordable option.· Plan Ahead:As with any financial plan, ensuring that you start saving well in advance of the actual event can pay huge dividends. Start putting away money long before the actual pregnancy commences and start buying supplies such as disposable nappies in bulk long before the birth. Avoid over-spending on things like the baby shower and cut down on other unnecessary expenditure like going out to restaurants in order to save for what really matters, your new-born. Given that most post-birth complications usually occur in the first trimester it may be prudent to revise all life assurance policies to give you peace of mind in the event of the worst occurring.  Perhaps revise the terms of the policy to make it appropriate for your current situation. Make sure that your financial advisor guides you in respect of the underwriting requirement, that full disclosure was made to the insurer, that you have considered exclusions, possible premium and risk benefit increases, or tailor-make the ancillary benefits relating to your specific circumstances. Make sure that your Last Will and Testament is up to date to prevent hardship for a surviving spouse or family members who may be required to look after your children should something go wrong.	Open a savings account, or a long-term investment account for the benefit of your child. A small amount will give an early head start which will harness the power of compounding interest and may just make those education costs negligible in later years.   