BAFANA Bafana may have been beaten by Lesotho in the first leg of Chan qualifiers away last weekend, but all is not lost for the squad that have the majority of Under-23 players. Coach David Notoane’s charges managed to get two away goals when they suffered a last minute 3-2 defeat. Notoane and his players believe that the goals will give them more courage as they aim to score more and not concede at home in the second leg. The return leg is scheduled for Sunday (3pm) at Dobsonville Stadium, Soweto, where the team have been training for the past few days. After the defeat, Notoane admitted that he was disappointed with the result, stating that a national team cannot concede so many goals in one match. But the team have now put the past into bed as they are eyeing the Lesotho Crocodiles’ scalp. The former Santos striker revealed that he will ring changes, tighten his defence, while the players vow to fight for victory. Notoane said: “I was very disappointed with the number of goals we conceded. It is not good enough for this level of football. “We will make changes in defence to tighten things. We should be okay to close shop during the crucial stage of the game because that is very important to avoid conceding.” With the hope of getting goals, Notoane has beefed up his squad with two Mamelodi Sundowns attackers – Keletso Makgalwa and Thabang Sibanyoni – ahead of the match. A winner of the two-legged fixture will progress to the third and final round, with the first and second legs taking place from 20 September. Midfielder Banele Sibisi, who plays for University of Pretoria in the National First Division (NFD), said they cannot squander this opportunity. He urged his teammates to work collectively. Sibisi stated: “Team work will make everything possible. We have had enough time together and we know each other better now. We just need to convert our chances and win the match because if we fail to do that, we will minimise our chances of playing in the national team.”