WANDISILE Letlabika has fully recovered from a bad concussion that gave the whole Absa Premiership aserious scare. Football is a game of emotions and clubs are called rivals, with officials and players despising each other dearly, but when there is a life-threatening injury, then it is all hands on deck. The goalless Absa Premiership game between Mamelodi Sundowns and Bloemfontein Celtic saw match referee, Daniel Bennett, halt the game for 10 minutes while a player received medical attention. It was minutes just before the break when Celtic’s 29-year-old Letlabika made a tackle that nearly cost him his life and left him with a horrific concussion after colliding with the upright. Celtic manager Willie Mothokoa yesterday confirmed that the former Sundowns defender has been given a two-less week long break to stay at home and recover fully, and will not be training. “We had to rush out of the stadium to the Medi Clinic in Pretoria where he received medical attention. “The good news is that doctors released him on the same day. According to Mothokoa, Letlabika could not recall what happened when he woke up. “I had to explain to him what exactly happened. But it is fine now, and we even shared jokes,” he said. He was sent back home yesterday while the rest of the players stayed in Gauteng for their next league match against Orlando Pirates at Orlando Stadium tomorrow night (7.30pm). But the spirit of fair play, humanity and sportsmanship prevailed when Sundowns’ doctors, Carl Tabane and Paul Maphotho, stepped up to join those of Celtic in stabilising Letlabika. They were also joined by the equipped Tshwane Emergency Services. Even the Sundowns supporters could be heard leading Siwelele in song: “Letlabika lo, siyam’thandazela sishaye idolo phantsi.“ Sundowns spokesman Thulani Thuswa said this is how things must be in the PSL: where the life of a player comes first, instead of only competing for three points. “Everyone must step up when a life is in danger. “Let’s hope we see more of such to continue making it a beautiful game.”