Things have not gone according to plan for Banyana Banyana at the Cyprus Women’s Cup. Their disappointing campaign hit a new low after going down 2-1 to the Czech Republic at the Antonis Papadopoulos Stadium in Larnaca yesterday. Mammello Makhabane’s early goal was not enough to hand Banyana victory as the Czech Republic roared back in the second half to clinch a 2-1 victory. Coach Desiree Ellis’ charges, who came into the match sitting at the bottom of Group A, were desperate for victory to move up a few places. Ellis, who is looking to give every player a chance at the tournament, rang the changes again against Czech Republic. Andile Dlamini started in goal in place of Kaylin Swart while, Kholosa Biyana, Rhoda Mulaudzi and Amanda Mthandi came in for Nompumelelo Nyandeni,  Thembi Kgatlana and Karabo Dhlamini. Banyana are using the invitational women’s football tournament to prepare for the Fifa Women’s World Cup set to take place in France from 7 June to 7 July. They will be making their debut at the tournament, and were hoping to test themselves against top class-opposition before taking on the world’s best. They have been given a reality check, and they will be hoping to improve on certain aspects of their game in order to challenge at the World Cup. Banyana’s loss to The Locomotive ensured that they would not improve on their sixth place finish in the last edition. Instead, they finish either ninth or tenth, depending on the result in their final game at the competition. They have failed to register a win so far in the tournament, their solitary point coming against Finland in their first game which ended 2-2. They were then spanked 4-1 by rampant Korea DPR, who are the highest ranked team at the tournament. They were guilty of a slow start to their first two games, but they appeared to have fixed that this time as they took the lead as early as the 17th minute through Makhabane’s strike. However, they could not hold on to their lead as the Czech Republic came back a rejuvenated team in the second. Despite having ten players following Andrea Staskova’s red card, The Locomotive pushed for the equaliser which came in the 81st minute.They then went in front eight minutes later with Banyana struggling with the wet conditions following a heavy downpour. 