HE WAS beaten for three hours straight! And now Macdermond Mashile might have hearing problems for the rest of his life. The 25-year-old from Brooklyn, outside Acornhoek, Bushbuckridge, in Mpumalanga said he was beaten to a pulp by members of the Better Residents Association after being accused of stealing. Macdermond is currently recovering at home after spending two days at Tintswalo Hospital. He told Daily Sun doctors said he might have partial hearing problems for his entire life after the beating on Thursday. Mashile said he is currently recovering at home after spending two days at Tintswalo Hospital being treated for the severe wounds. He told Daily Sun that doctors told him he might have partial hearing problem for his entire life due to the injuries. “These association members ransacked my homestead but when they came back empty-handed, they started slapping and knocking me around. They accused me of stealing TV sets, a brush cutter and a compressor from a farm near Klaserie, which I didn’t do.” He said they moered him with belts, poles and sticks and threw him out of a moving car. “On 15 February a group of white people with two cops from Hoedspruit ransacked my homestead but they found nothing,” said Mashile. His brother, Difference Mashile (38), said his employees told him of Macdermond’s kidnapping and that he was assaulted by members of the community. “I rushed to report the matter to the police. But two cops at the cop shop instead of helping me, both had an argument over which case to be opened. The other wanted to open an assault charges, but his fuming colleague said the charge should be kidnapping. If it wasn’t for our relative who is a cop and tracked down Macdermond, he would have been killed by the heartless people who later tried to bribe my brother with R10 000 of which he refused.” Joe Ndlovu, secretary of the association, said he was not aware of the incident but would find out from the office. Captain Mpho Nonyane said a case of kidnapping and assault with intent to do grievous bodily harm was opened but no arrests have been made so far.