THE Absa Premiership has reached fever pitch, and there’s still eight rounds of games to go for most teams. The heat is on at the top, middle and bottom of the table. The battle for the title is promising to go down to the wire, so is the scramble for a top eight finish and the fight against relegation. Polokwane City are one of the teams that have their sights set on a top eight spot this season for only the second time in their history. Slovakian Jezef Vukusic has steadied the Rise and Shine ship since taking over the reigns at the beginning of the season. The Limpopo-based outfit currently occupy seventh spot on the table with 32 points, equal with Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs who are in sixth. Their 3-1 victory over Baroka in the Limpopo derby at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Sunday, was their eight win of the season, one more than they managed in the whole of last season. But more importantly, it solidified their spot in the top eight, with Bloemfontein Celtic lurking behind them two points adrift in eighth. Siwelele held log leaders Mamelodi Sundowns to a gutsy goalless draw on Saturday, a result that saw them enhance their own top eight chances. Rise and Shine have an opportunity to overtake Amakhosi in sixth and go level on points with fifth placed SuperSport United. But first they have to beat relegation threatened Free State Stars in their catch up game at Goble Park tomorrow (7.30pm). Matsatsantsa a Pitori have been rather inconsistent this season, but are still just five points adrift of pacesetters Downs. They edged Chippa United 1-0 at Sisa Dukashe Stadium on Sunday to move within a point of fourth placed Cape Town City. Matsatsantsa coach Kaitano Tembo was pleased with the result, however, could not help but bemoan their lack of consistency. “You start looking back at the points dropped against Baroka, we could be on 38,” said Tembo. “But we keep fighting, working hard and we’ll see where it gets us.” Ea Lla Koto will also be eying all three points from that encounter as they look to pull an escape from the dreaded relegation zone. They currently sit second from the bottom with 20 points, level with Chippa who are one spot above them. 