BANYANA Banyana came into the Cyprus Women’s Cup in high spirits on the back of some encouraging results from the African Women’s Cup. However, they have been given a reality check two games into the invitational women’s football tournament. They had to fight back twice to secure a thrilling 2-2 draw against Finland in the first game and then got spanked 4-1 by Korea DPR on Friday. Coach Desiree Ellis’ charges were punished for a slow start to both games, something they need to fix going forward. Banyana are using the annual tournament to prepare for the Fifa Women’s World Cup set to take place in France from 7 June to 7 July. They are currently finding out how top-class opposition can punish even the slightest mistake. Banyana, who have so far conceded six goals, are currently sitting at the bottom of Group A with one point. Korea DPR lead the group with six, followed by Czech Republic and Finland in second and third, respectively. Banyana can still finish second in the group with a victory over the Czech Republic this afternoon when they lock horns at the Antonis P. Laranca (1pm). They also have to hope that Korea DPR beat Finland in the other game. Banyana midfielder Leandra Smeda said they need to be switched on from the first minute against The Locomotive. “As a team, we wanted to come here and compete, we’ve only got one point so far but there’s still another game to get three points from,” said Smeda “We just need to go out there and do our best. We need to score goals.” Smeda said they know what to expect from their opponents who are ranked 17 places higher than them. “We have watched a bit of their game against Finland, they are not the best technically, but they play as a team and they play for one another,” added Smeda. “It’s not going to be an easy game, but we need to go out there and perform to the best of our ability. “It’s always good to play European opposition so that we can get a feel of how we can match up to the teams we’ll meet at the World Cup.”