The first museum in the world dedicated solely
to the punani will open in London in November. CNN reports that the Vagina Museum will
educate visitors about vulvas and vaginas while challenging the prevailing
stigma surrounding them. Founder Florence Schechter developed the
concept for the Punani Museum after discovering a museum dedicated to 4-5s in
Iceland, the Icelandic Phallological Museum, but no counterpart for vaginas. Schechter and her team subsequently launched a
campaign on Crowdfunder, initially aiming to raise £300,000.  "As this is the world's first
bricks-and-mortar museum dedicated to vaginas, vulvas and the gynaecological
anatomy, we didn't quite know what to expect in terms of interest, and were
delighted with the £50,000 we raised," Williams said. The museum will open on November 16 in a
temporary location in London's Camden Market, with an exhibition entitled
"Muff Busters: Vagina Myths and How to Fight Them." The exhibition
will challenge "pervasive myths" about the vagina and vulva, Williams
said, "such as that vaginas and vulva need to be cleaned through the use
of bespoke feminine cleaning products; however, the vagina is completely self-cleaning,"
development and marketing manager Zoe Williams told CNN. Comedy and theater events, craft workshops and
educational talks will take place at the museum, she said, which will help to
raise funds for a permanent location. The museum's mission statement asserts
that it will also "act as a forum for feminism, women's rights, the LGBT+
community and the intersex community," "challenge heteronormative and
cisnormative behaviour" and "promote intersectional, feminist and
trans-inclusive values." "We want to give everyone the confidence
to talk about a perfectly normal part of the anatomy," Williams explained,
citing a study from cancer research charity The Eve Appeal that found 65% of
young women and girls in the UK struggled to use the words "vagina"
or "vulva." "There's nothing shameful or offensive
about vulvas and vaginas," she said. "They're a part of the body that should
be celebrated!"  