KAIZER Chiefs striker Samir Nurkovic has emphasised that Amakhosi deserve to win the Absa Premiership title every year. The Soweto giants have endured a tough time and they are in their fourth season without winning a single trophy. Former Bafana Bafana coach Stuart Baxter was the last coach to bring the title to Naturena in the 2014-15 season. Since then Amakhosi have endured a tough time as coach Steve Komphela also failed to win a trophy during his three-year spell at the helm. Now Ernst Middendorp is in his second season in charge, hoping to give the hard-to-please Chiefs fans something to cheer about having finished last season in an unfamiliar ninth position. Amakhosi started the Absa Premiership season on a positive note and they are unbeaten in four league games to maintain their position at the top of the table on 10 points. They are a point ahead of second-placed Bidvest Wits Said Nurkovic: “Chiefs has a rich history in this country and of course every year this club deserve the league. But I don’t look too much into the future, I focus on each game, try to collect as many points as we can and we will see what will happen.” Now that the 27-year-old Serbian-born has got the monkey off his back, when he scored his first goal in Amakhosi’s 1-1 draw with SuperSport United, he is confident more goals will come his way. Chiefs resume their league schedule with a date against fifth-placed Polokwane City at FNB Stadium on Saturday (6pm). “We respect every opponent and If we play the way we did in the previous four matches it won’t be a problem (to win). I am enjoying every game and as long as I create for my teammates, do what the coach asks me, goals will come.” But the Serbian is unsure whether he will reach double figures at the end of season. “As a striker my job is to score goals and I will be happy to score as many as I can. Everybody is aware I know how to do it, I am trying my best, but for me it doesn’t matter who scores as long. As we get three points because we put the club first. “If we win every game of course players also get a reward.”