KAIZER Chiefs goalkeeper Daniel Akpeyi has revealed that he was fearing for his life during the xenophobic attacks that were taking place in South Africa a few weeks ago. The incidents of violence against foreign nationals sent the country and the footballing world in Africa into distress. Bafana Bafana suffered the consequences when they were side-lined in the last FIFA international break with their opponents Zambia and Madagascar pulling out their planned friendly matches. Akpeyi, whose relationship with Chiefs fans is somewhat fickle due to the errors he previously committed in goal, said he was worried for his safety during the time of the incidents. As a result, the Nigerian international’s game was affected because he could not express himself freely on the field, afraid that supporters could turn on him should he commit any more errors. “To be honest with you, at that point in time, I was a bit worried because I understand I’m not a fan favourite, I’m sorry to say that,” revealed Akpeyi. “So it would always get to me when I have to play, I would tell myself ‘Daniel you have to play well’ because at the end of the day things might turn against me. Even though it is supposed to be just a normal football game. But because of that crazy mentality, things might spiral out of control. “Somehow I was affected but at the end of the day it is what it is, I just had to make up my mind and put my foot down.” Akpeyi, though, won over some of his doubters with a man of the match performance for Amakhosi during their 1-0 win over Baroka in the Absa Premiership on Saturday. After coming on as a substitute midway the first half, Akpeyi made a number of crucial saves to keep his side in the league and ensure they ultimately walk away with all three points. He was pleased with his showing and will be hoping to continue where he left off when Amakhosi host Golden Arrows at the FNB Stadium on Tuesday (7.30pm). “As a professional player, you always have to be ready for anything,” Akpeyi added. “For me, it is just the beginning. I hope to get more chances to improve and get better.” 