The South African Post Office (SAPO) has summarily dismissed
its employee who stands accused of raping and killing UCT student Uyinene
Mrwetyana at his workplace.  The man, who cannot be named in terms of a court order, had
been employed despite an alleged criminal record, Communications and Digital
Technologies Minister Stella Ndabeni-Abrahams previously revealed.  The accused had "made himself guilty of gross misconduct
by intentionally misleading the organisation and stating under oath that he had
never been convicted of any criminal offense", said communications and
digital technologies ministry spokesperson Nthabeleng Mokitimi-Dlamini on
Tuesday.  Minister Stella Ndabeni-Abrahams had met with SAPO on Friday
to receive a comprehensive report following Mrwetyana's brutal death.  She said the SAPO heads of human resources, as well as
security and investigations, had been placed on precautionary suspension while
the investigation was proceeding.  Preliminary investigation  When the 42-year-old accused appeared in court, it emerged
that the first-year film and media studies student had been killed in the
Clareinch Post Office in Claremont the same day she disappeared - Saturday,
August 24.  Mrwetyana's remains were found in Lingelethu West,
Khayelitsha, a few days after she was last seen alive.  At her funeral in East London, Police Minister Bheki Cele
said her killer had apparently burnt her body and then buried her in a shallow
grave after raping and killing her.  A preliminary investigation revealed that the accused's
criminal record was known to Post Office officials in 2018 already.  He had a conviction relating to a 1998 carjacking, with an
eight-year sentence, of which five years were served and three were suspended.  "These findings were made available to SAPO officials
in June 2018, however the information was not disclosed to the Executive and
Board," SAPO board member Charles Nwaila said in a statement at the time.  "It is shameful for us that our name – and by
extension, the name of our shareholder and that of our government – are
associated with such gruesome criminality."  Nwaila said the preliminary investigation and findings had
confirmed the alleged perpetrator's employment did not follow the routine SAPO
recruitment process.  He explained that the accused was among a group of temporary
staff who was absorbed into SAPO in 2012.  Mokitimi-Dlamini said that, of 300 flagged employees, the
State Security Agency report further identified 174 who had criminal records.  "SAPO is in the process of further investigations to
ascertain the appropriate actions to be taken against identified employees. In
this respect, the Minister urged SAPO to swiftly act on affected employees,
especially those in the mail and frontline services."  Ndabeni-Abrahams also raised her concerns about the 2016
collective agreement which related to, amongst others, the conversion of casual
employees.  "To confirm that there are no similar instances,
Minister Ndabeni-Abrahams has directed the Director-General to ensure that
security vetting is instituted in all State-Owned Entities in the Ministry's
portfolio."  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/post-office-fires-uyinenes-alleged-killer-20190917