FRIENDSHIP will be temporally suspended when the two South African boxing giant Walter “Black Mamba” Dlamini and Nkululeko “Bulldog” Mhlongo share the square ring at Time Square, Pretoria, on 6 October. The pair, who have been bosom buddies for the better part of their boxing career, will tear into each other for Dlamini’s South African middleweight title. According to seasoned campaigners, after the fight they will rekindle their friendship. Their national middleweight championship will form part of 5th Element Promotions’ mouth-watering bill, themed the battle of the warrior. Mhlongo, a former SA junior middleweight titlist has relinquished his belt, moving a division up, citing a lack of quality opponents in junior middleweight class. The hard-hitting pugilist from KwaZulu-Natal said there is nothing personal against his old friend. He only wants what Dlamini has, which is the SA middleweight title. The veteran fighters have already started with verbal sparring ahead of their contest, each fighter promising to give his opponent boxing lessons. Mhlongo was a first to trade verbal jabs. He said the champion won’t be the same after meeting him. “I hear people saying this is going to be a tough and interesting contest, but I don’t agree with them. Dlamini knows exactly what will happen to him. He does not stand a chance against me, come fight night, he will deliver the belt and collect punishment,” he said. “I know Dlamini as I know the back of my hand, so his reign as a champion will come to an end. The fight won’t even go that distance. I thank him for taking good care of my title while I was competing junior middleweight. It is unfortunate that I have to take it from my friend,” said Mhlongo. On his counter-punching, Dlamini said his friend-turned rival must be in his deep sleep if he thinks he will dethrone him. “He must forget about the belt and come for a pay cheque. I know he needs it. This title is the only thing I have since they stripped me the WBA regional belt. I’m prepared to do everything on my ability to protect it,” said Dlamini.