SPRINGBOK tighthead prop Trevor Nyakane is back in South Africa but don’t let that panic you - it was not the injury he suffered against Japan that forced the Bulls strong-man to fly home. Nyakane has made a scheduled return to be with his wife at the birth of his child this week and will make the long flight back to Japan later in the week and be there by Friday. And the good news is that the prop will be in the selection mix for the World Cup opener against the All Blacks in Yokohama the following Saturday, 21 September. The Springbok management have disclosed that the injury that limited Nyakane’s appearance in the final warm-up game to just 14 minutes was a knee sprain. The Bok management have now done their full assessment on Nyakane and have confirmed from Japan that he will be able to return to training when he returns to the squad and will be available to play New Zealand. That is good news for the Boks as Nyakane has become a vital cog in the Bok machine this year. Vincent Koch, who is a mobile player and could bring his own dynamic as a replacement, is the man who’d replace Nyakane should he not be fit for Yokohama, but the Bok head coach, Rassie Erasmus, will have breathed a huge sigh of relief when it was confirmed that not only was Nyakane’s injury not World Cup threatening, he’d also stand a good chance of being fit for the first game. There were no other injury concerns after what can be notched down as an overwhelmingly positive on-field preparation for the World Cup. The Boks go into the tournament as the only top side that is unbeaten in 2019 and generally maintained the high standards that saw them win the Rugby Championship in their 41-7 - six-try-to-one triumph over the team that shocked them in Brighton at the start of the previous World Cup. The Springboks have relocated from Gifu, where they trained last week in preparation for their game in Kumagaya, to Kagoshima, where they will stay until the weekend before moving to Tokyo (they will, in fact, stay in a hotel adjacent to Disneyland in Tokyo Bay) for the bulk of the build-up to the All Black game. – Supersport.com