IS THIS year’s Nedbank KeYona Team the best talent we currently have in Mzansi? According to the team selectors, comprising Khabo Zondo, Doctor “16V” Khumalo and Jerry “Legs of Thunder” Sikhosana this is the cream of the crop. The Ke Yona Team will be out to make history this afternoon when they tackle Nedbank Cup reigning champions TS Galaxy at Kameelrivier Stadium (3pm). This initiative to scout players all over Mzansi to face Nedbank Cup winners was initiated in 2013. Since then, inexperienced players have been getting a whopping from the big boys. But last year’s group caused an upset when they gave free State Stars tough time when they scored their first goal in the tournament. The coaches are confident they have assembled the best of the best this year and are certain Galaxy will fall this afternoon. Zondo said: “Doc (Khumalo) has done well in the midfield and coach Jerry (Sikhosana) has also done his work upfront, Galaxy are in for a nasty surprise.” Midfielder, Siwaphiwo “Cruise Control” Maso is expected to dictate in the midfield, kill everything that comes with Galaxy and control the flow of the match. The 22-year-old Mthatha-born revealed he was inspired by last year’s Buyelekhaya Velelwandle from his home town, who made it to the final team last year. Maso said: “Such opportunities come once in a lifetime. There are a lot of things that motivate us to go out and win this game. “Playing in the PSL is everyone’s dream. “We should showcase it on match-day that we’re ready to shine. We’re also aware Galaxy are playing Caf-type football. “They’re big but we’ll do our best to become the first group to win this challenge.” Ke Yona are using this game to sell themselves to PSL clubs to which they will be drafted for a one-month trial. On the other end, Galaxy will be using this match as a warm-up ahead of their next Sunday Caf Confederations Cup match against CNaPS Sport from Madagascar. Galaxy captain Ludwe Mpakumpaku said he and his teammates need to win this to help build confidence for Caf and the league.