VUYO Mere has signed a one year contract with GladAfrica Championship club, Swallows on Tuesday morning. The former Mamelodi Sundowns and now defunct Platinum Stars defender negotiated for his contract by spending almost a week training with Maswaiswai, and he passed his trial with flying colours. At 35 years, Mere could be seen as a veteran but his speed is as good as the flying birds in the sky. But unfortunately he will not flying high this time around as the Dube Birds are being grounded in Championship log with zero points from three outings. Swallows coach, Zeca "Lollipop" Marques, confirmed to SunSport on Tuesday that Mere is now their product and they are looking to his experiences to overcome their battles in the tough-as-teak league. "He comes in at the time when we need his experience, leadership, organisational skills, guidance, and talents," said Marques. "We need him to guide these youngsters and use his experience to help them be organised in the field of play. More importantly is the stability in the club so that we can win matches. He came at the perfect time when we needed a person of his calibre. He is what I wanted." Marques emphasised that he will be assessed like all the players after eight months whether they will continue together or not, like all the other players. The Bloemfontein born defender on Tuesday told SunSport that he has done a good job to convince the 58-year-old Portugal born Marques to offer him a contract. "I am enjoying myself at Swallows," said Mere. "I have been with Swallows before... I want to help Swallows return to the top flight." Last season, Mere was playing PSL football with Bidvest Wits before coach Gavin Hunt released him at the end of the season. Since then, the former Platinum Stars captain has been looking for new team.Mere have also tried his luck at Highlands Park but their head coach Owen Da Gama decided not sign him. Mere, who have been playing professional football for  18 years believes he still has more seasons to offer, before thinking about retirement. Mere has won two PSL title with Mamelodi Sundowns and boasts 10 Bafana Bafana caps. "I have never thought of retiring, just yet," he said. "I feel fit and want to continue doing what I love. Age is just a number and what is important is to take care of yourself and be disciplined and also work hard all the time. I am confident that I will  be playing football this season." Swallows host Royal Eagles in their next league clash at Dobsonville Stadium on Saturday (3pm). 