THE disadvantaged Limpopo communities will soon be able to access free Wi-Fi to enable them to have reliable connectivity. The province is making progress in implementing the broadband telecommunication infrastructure network project. The project is in line with the Fourth Industrial Revolution. Limpopo Premier Stan Mathabatha, who is also the chairman of the provincial executive council, said they want poor communities in the rural villages to advance with the times. “The provincial Information Communication Technology nerve centre is currently being completed as the data centre. “It will serve as the foundation for connectivity to institutions with voice and data capabilities. “The design of the architecture and future state architecture will soon roll out the broadband in the province after their completion,” he said. According to Mathabatha, the issues which were delaying the process were clarified between all relevant stakeholders. The project will be run by Limpopo Connect under the Limpopo Economic Development Agency “About 40 sites have been connected to the network. They are using both fibre and satellite technology. “Those sites include the seven Wi-Fi hotspots to give easy connectivity to the communities.” He further stated that the council approved the request to commission the feasibility study on high speed rail. The rail will enable modern trains to travel from Joburg to Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe. “This will assist us as the rural province because it will go a long way in alleviating traffic congestions on our national and provincial roads. “With the upcoming Musina-Makhado Special Economic zone, our counterparts in Zimbabwe will also benefit. “This is a special energy and metallurgical zone which is a massive project,” he said. Mathabatha said the Musina-Makhado SEZ project has thus far managed to attract over R150 million investment commitments. He reiterated that they will soon see the benefits from the project which will boost the provincial economy.