THE JUDGE may have felt sympathy for killer mum, Zinhle Maditla . . . but showed no mercy in the sentencing. Her shocked uncle Kevin Balance told Daily Sun they had accepted reality. “SHE WILL STILL COME BACK TO US. SHE NEEDS US MORE THAN EVER,” HE SAID. “We were expecting a lesser sentence on one or two of the judgments. There’s nothing we can do about it. We must just accept that she must serve her time.” Maditla was sentenced to four life terms by the High Court sitting in Middelburg, Mpumalanga, on Friday for the murder of her four children. Mfana Shongwe (29), the father of two of the dead children, Ethan (one month) and Blessing (7), said he was satisfied with the sentence but was not ready to face her now. “I have forgiven her,” he told Daily Sun yesterday. “It still hits me hard when I see children playing because it makes me think of my children. “I think I will one day visit her so I can also apologise for whatever I did.” Maditla’s aunt Alice Nkosi (30) said they were expecting a harsh punishment but were hoping for mercy. “The crime she committed was not just a crime. It’s not a small thing. We have to allow the law to take its course,” she said. “Maditla’s mum is more affected because she lost her grandchildren and now she has also lost her daughter.” She said Zinhle needs their support. “We will continue to support her,” she said. Maditla handed herself over to police on 30 December last year after the discovery of the decomposing bodies of her four children, Minenhle (8), Blessing, Shaniqua (4) and Ethen in her rented room in Klarinet. She told the court on Tuesday last week during mitigation that she had a fight with the father of two of the kids, Mfana Shongwe whom she had been dating for eight years. Maditla said she went to confront Shongwe about why he had not bought them Christmas clothes but she found him with another woman. She said Shongwe and his grandmother attacked her after she confronted him. She said on her way home she bought R10 rat poison at a taxi rank, which she put on the bread and on her breasts to feed her children.