This past Sunday, 15 September 2019, South
African fashion brand Mercia Ramagaga
founded by designer Mercia Ramagaga over a decade ago, was showcased at London
Fashion Week 2019, hosted at the London Royal Opera House. The name of the collection showcased at LFW
2019 was titled: Tribute to Love is Happiness. #SS20 #officialvideo #LONDONFASHIONWEEK #london???? #fashiondesigner. A post shared by  Mercia@YDE????. (@mercia_ramagaga) on Sep 19, 2019 at 1:12am PDT  The inventive title is drawn from the
philosophy of always doing what you love as that ultimately culminates into
happiness. The collection is a representation of the colours, styles, patterns
and fabrics that are loved by the designer. Dominating the collection is black
and white neutrals with a touch of rich blue. Art is part of the inspiration for this
collection as it reflects Mercia’s interpretation of different daily emotions
converted into a creative masterpiece. After many years in the industry, this
collection is a celebration of all the years of joy, peace, art creation and sensuality
that have been invested in sketching, making and retailing the perfect garment
leading to fulfillment, enjoyment and happiness. On the highlights of the week and show,
Mercia said: “This has been a memorable and exciting experience. It has been
interesting to see and learn how the international markets execute and organize
globally recognized fashion weeks. From admin to preparation, I’ve seen that
South Africa has a few leaps in reaching this type of a global stage
production. I look forward to bringing home the jewels and knowledge of my
surreal experience. My new shoe line also made its debut on the runway and I am
so happy and cannot wait to have them instore for everyone to shop!”. A post shared by Mercia@YDE????. (@mercia_ramagaga) on Sep 18, 2019 at 12:09am PDT  Throughout her journey in building her
brand and a name for herself, Mercia strives to make an impact in the North
West Province as someone who was born and bred in Mafikeng; she is setting up
an CMT factory (Cut, Make & Trim) in Rustenburg with the help of SEDA. It
will be available for everyone in the North West province where training for
both skilled and unskilled creatives.  She
is also looking to partner with the local governments such as Economic
Development to create workshops on assisting and teaching artists on how they
can best turn their passion into a business; to focus on entrepreneurship in
the arts. For a taste of the Mercia Ramagaga high end
and ready-to-wear fashion line, visit your nearest YDE retail store (Menlyn
Mall, Rosebank Mall, Cresta, East Gate, Tiger Valley, Sandton City).  