 Former
Public Protector Thuli Madonsela has said that details on who funds
parliamentarians should not be limited to President Cyril Ramaphosa and the
executive. "I do
think it is an important issue and I don't think we should only single out the
president. We need to know who is financing who. It has implications for us
knowing why people behave the way they do. And its not just the executive, but
all people in Parliament. Why do they raise one issue over others?" She was
speaking to journalists after receiving her eighth honorary doctorate, this
time from the University of KwaZulu-Natal. Madonsela
said there were many pressing issues that politicians should be attending to. "For
example, the existential threat to our lives in humanity is climate change and
social injustice. But people spend less time on those issues. We would like to
know whose agenda they are pushing." Ramaphosa's
lawyers have accused Madonsela's successor, Busisiwe Mkhwebane, of unlawfully
using information contained in a report by the Financial Intelligence Centre
(FIC) to make adverse findings on his CR17 election campaign funding. Ramaphosa
accused her office of unlawfully obtained bank records during its investigation
into his 2017 ANC election campaign funding. Hlaudi lied Speaking
about former SABC Chief Operations Officer (COO) Hlaudi Motsoaneng, Mandonsela
said he had lied about his matric, as documented in the report she had compiled
on the SABC while she was Public Protector. "He knows
the truth. A report specifies what he said to me and what documentation is
there. The truth is he did lie and put symbols showing that he did matric. He
did say to the SABC that he was going to collect his symbols and he never
produced them." She added
that the COO position was also downgraded for his benefit, according to her
findings. Gender-based
violence Madonsela
said she was also sympathetic to the plight of South African women who have
been harmed by men. "I am
sorry that our nation has allowed this to happen. Find someone you can report
this to. You must also find counselling." She said
that, if victims experienced trauma, they had to get help urgently. "When
people are traumatised and don't deal with the trauma, they themselves
traumatise other people." SOURCE:
NEWS24 