HIS FAMILY claimed they scrambled around to collect the R1 000 ransom money. But, according to cops, he was in no danger at all.  HE FAKED HIS OWN OWN KIDNAPPING JUST TO BUY BOOZE, COPS INSIST! When the family from Tsakane, Ekurhuleni, reported that their family member Mpho Tsotetsi (29) was missing, and that they had received messages sent from his cellphone, cops started investigating. READ: WOMAN LIED ABOUT MAN KILLING UYINENE AND NWABISA! “He was caught on CCTV camera at Shoprite in Sebokeng in the Vaal withdrawing the money himself,” said Sergeant Lerato Mngomezulu. Today Mpho has to answer for perjury charges after allegedly faking his own kidnapping. He was arrested on Friday and released on bail on Monday. Sergeant Mngomezulu said Mpho was reported missing on 2 September at Tsakane cop shop. “Cops looked for him but couldn’t find any leads,” she said. She said the family told the cops they were receiving SMSes from someone using his phone and demanding money from the family. “Cops tracked the location of the cellphone and it was found to be in Sebokeng,” she said. “Investigations later revealed the so-called kidnap victim was not missing at all. He was the one demanding money from his own family.” She said Mpho was found drinking alcohol with friends and was arrested. READ: TAXI BOSS KILLED LIKE HER HUSBAND! Sergeant Mngomezulu warned the community not to report false cases or pretend they were victims, as this was perjury and could lead to their arrest. She said the family was angry that cops arrested him. “The family opened a case and expected him to be handed over to them even after we discovered that he faked his own kidnapping,” she said. “The act leads to the police wasting state resources that could have been used for other serious cases.” Daily Sun spoke to Mpho’s two sisters, who refused to be named and refused to show us the SMSes they claimed they received. The sisters admitted seeing Mpho on camera withdrawing the money at Shoprite. “Cops arrested him, but he was the victim here,” said his elder sister. “Mpho went to withdraw the R1 000 after we deposited it, but he told us he was with people who sent him to the Shoprite.” She said Mpho worked. She refused to disclose where, or how much he earns. “Why would he kidnap himself? We’re not happy with how cops are treating this case,” she said. When Daily Sun spoke to Mpho, he looked nervous and insisted he was kidnapped. Sergeant Mngomezulu said cops were investigating.