 Desperate for answers, the family of Durban Univer sity of
Technology (DUT) student Sandile Ndlovu, who was stabbed in the head while
studying in a lecture room on campus, wants video footage of the incident to be
released. Even though the university said that there isn't any of the
footage of the assault, the family believes otherwise. "We are not fighting, but we are asking for the
university to give the investigating officer whatever footage they have. It is
starting to seem like they don't want to. It comes across that way,"  family spokesperson Tshepho Mokoena said on
Monday. Mokoena said they expected more from the university. "Who knows? Maybe it was deleted." Mokoena said the suspension of the head of security was also
suspicious. "When it comes to the suspension of the head of
security... if he is not suspended, he should [give] us answers. And if he is
suspended, then they must tell us why." "The university has a legal obligation for its head of
security to respond. Whether on leave or suspended, we need answers. Who is
second in charge and what can they say about what has happened with the
footage?" According to DUT spokesperson Alan Khan, the university did
not have footage of the actual incident, but other footage has been handed
over. "Unfortunately, there is no CCTV recording of the
attack that happened in one of the lecture venues last Monday evening." We are willing to meet with the family Khan added: "The university can confirm that an acting
protection services manager was appointed soon after the suspension was served
on the current protection services manager." He added that while the university was in regular telephonic
contact with Ndlovu's family, the family asked for "space and privacy and
we have honoured that request". "We urge the family to consider meeting with us again
so that we can help answer their questions." Khan was unable to divulge the details of the suspension
because " this matter is still pending a final outcome". Sandile recovering Mokoena said the family would meet with elders to discuss a
way forward and added that the they asked students to not engage in violent conduct. They said classes should resume. "We have asked students not to do anything violent. We
sent Sandile to school for studies. It is almost exam time and education is key
for everyone." Improvement Ndlovu's condition improved over the weekend. "He is still critical, but doctors are saying he is
responding to the treatment. We are quite hopeful and would appeal to everyone
to just keep praying," Mokoena said. The university has suspended all academic activities for
Monday and Tuesday while campus safety is discussed with the student
representative council. SOURCE: NEWS24