GENERATIONS: The Legacy and Abo Mzala actor Thembile Botman (43) appeared in the Stilfontein Magistrates Court on Thursday. According to North West police spokeswoman Colonel Adele Myburgh, Thembile was arrested for robbery.“During a protest on 17 September, a bread truck was allegedly stopped at the Orkney-Potchefstroom Road next to Khuma.“A driver was intimidated and his keys grabbed. The truck was opened at the back and all the bread was removed,” said Myburgh. Botman said he was called by the police after he was identified as a suspect and he handed himself over. He was granted R1 000 bail and will appear again on 28 October. Myburgh said two other suspects Phindile Nkambule (28) and Elias Seokolo (37) were also arrested for public violence, arson and malicious damage to property in Khuma. ALSO READ: https://www.dailysun.co.za/News/councillors-houses-go-up-in-smoke-20190918 They also appeared earlier in the same court and were granted R1 000 bail each.They will also reappear on 28 October.Myburgh said the pair’s court appearance came after police followed leads and arrested suspects linked to the recent community protests. “Some members of the community allegedly embarked on a violent protest on 16 September on what appeared to be related to service delivery. “Consequently, eight houses, mainly belonging to ward councillors, were allegedly burnt on 17 September,” said Myburgh. She said following a thorough investigation, eight suspects were arrested in Khuma on Friday. “However, only two appeared in court as the case against the other six was not enrolled,” she said. Meanwhile, the victims, ward councillors and their families are still kept at a safe place.Thabo Pelesane of TP Foundation confirmed to Daily Sun that they assisted the victims mostly with meals and other things. “This is not mainly for the councillors, but for their families. We were touched by the situation their families are in and decided to step in and assist where we can,” said Pelesane. Matlosana Municipality could not be reached for comment at the time of going to print.