IT TAKES five years to pay off a new car. But hijackers can drive off with it in seconds. AND NOT ALL HIJACKERS LOOK LIKE THUGS. These days they are dressed in expensive branded clothing and look smart. They also go for fast cars. However, knowing their tactics can help you protect yourself and award-winning cop Sergeant Tlou Semenya recently told the SunTeam about some of Mzansi’s hijacking trends. He said after a car was stolen, it was usually used to commit crimes before being dumped or taken to neighbouring countries. Semenya said some hijackers often went to the tavern straight after hijacking a car to have beers and check if it had a tracker. Semenya, who had been with the Pretoria Highway Patrol for 10 years, was awarded for his courage at the Tracker SAPS Provincial Awards held at the Valverde Eco Hotel in Krugersdorp, Mogale City, on Friday.  He won for the category in 2019 individual Gauteng winner. The award is dedicated to hard workers in recovering stolen/hijacked vehicles. According to Tracker, he is always willing to assist in the recovery of stolen and hijacked vehicles, even in the roughest of places. He also continuously looks to improve his skills with in-service training, and is often called upon by other members for guidance and advice. Semenya was given a certificate, personalised trophy as well as an undisclosed cash prize. The father of two young boys said every morning when he left home, he wondered if he would see his wife and kids again. He described hijackers as armed and ruthless. “I’ve lost a number of colleagues and close friends to hijackers. I have to put my trust in God and believe in prayer,” he said. “At times, during a chase , hijackers abandon vehicles and run. But I’m a good runner and I’m not intimidated by a chase on foot. Suspects don’t easily surrender and there are a lot of shoot-outs taking place.” Semenya said the Nissan NP200 was one of the most stolen vehicles in Tshwane, followed by VWs, Toyota Fortuners and Ford Rangers. He said: “Gone are the days when criminals targeted small cars. They are after fast cars, which includes the Mercedes-Benz and Range Rover. That’s because they too drive lavish cars when they commit the crimes.  “They take the cars at gunpoint.” Semenya said stolen cars were either reported by the owners or tracker companies. “Once we receive a signal from Tracker, we immediately follow it up. It’s important to know where and how it was taken, as well as the description of suspects if possible.” He told Daily Sun how hijackers usually operated. “They often work in a group of three. They’re usually aged between 25 and 35.” Semenya said they were very careful in cases where the owner couldn’t be reached. “We need to be alert so we don’t shoot the wrong person. We often find these vehicles at taverns, with the owner inside the boot,” he said. Last month, Tracker revealed there had been a 29% increase in hostage situations during hijackings. The company found thugs were most active between 11am and 1pm and 8pm and 11pm. Acting commander officer, Captain Langwani Shingane, was the 2019 overall Tracker/SAPS provincial unit winner.