BUSINESSES in the country had taken a strain due to the recent violent attacks. The revelation was made during a stakeholder summit hosted by the South African Chamber of Commerce and Industry. Yesterday, Police Minister Bheki Cele met people whose businesses were affected by the attacks. He was accompanied by executives from MTN, Vodacom and MultiChoice. He said the police had made a breakthrough on how to deal with the culprits. “We’re working tirelessly to ensure we restore peace and order in the affected areas.” Cele said more than 639 people were arrested. “The total number of dead people linked to the xenophobic attacks is 12. Two are foreigners and the rest are South Africans.” He said the number may be reviewed later as probes continued. Cele also clarified the state visit by Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari had nothing to do with the ongoing violence. “I want to correct the narrative that is on some TV channels to say the president of Nigeria is coming here because there’s a problem of xenophobia,” he said. MTN CEO Rob Shuter said the unrest had affected their operations in other countries. “We’re concerned with the long-term negative investor sentiment that this violence is causing for South Africa,” he said. Shuter said four of their outlets were attacked in Nigeria, forcing them to close their retail stores. MultiChoice CEO Calvo Mawela said the company had to close down its offices in Nigeria for four days last week. Although government officials, politicians, izinduna and Zulu king Goodwill Zwelithini have spoken out against the attacks on foreigners, it seems their words have fallen on deaf ears. By the end of the day on Sunday, two people were confirmed dead due to the violence. Religious leaders, under the Tembisa Transformation Forum, asked for divine intervention. “When everything has been tried and did not work, we let God take over,” said Bishop Sakhele Makhubo. The pastors said they would also meet taxi drivers and izinduna in hostels to talk about how to stop the violence. The religious leaders said God had the power to speak to people. “Once we have prayed, He will touch their hearts and make them realise the impact of their actions,” said Pastor Mnqobi Mbatha from Soweto. He said other countries were starting to abandon Mzansi. “We need to stop this now before we’re left alone with no neighbours to cry to,” he said. Yesterday, President Cyril Ramaphosa condemned the on going acts of violence. He also hailed cops for the arrests so far, but urged them to maintain vigilance and firmness in dealing with individuals or groups who take the law into their own hands. Ramaphosa said most foreigners in the country were law-abiding and had the right to conduct their lives and businesses in peace. “Lawlessness is a crime against our prosperity and stability as a nation. And those who want to upset our public order must expect to face the gravest impact of the law,” he said. Gauteng police spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Lungelo Dlamini confirmed that a second person was found dead in Malvern on Sunday. Earlier on Sunday, one person was killed in violence in the Joburg CBD. Police spokesman Captain Kay Makhubele confirmed the victim was stabbed with a sharp object at the corner of Bree and Plein streets.