COPA Coca-Cola Under-15 schools tournament graduate and SA Under-20 national team captain Khulekani Kubheka has lauded the impact the globally acclaimed competition had on his development as a footballer. Since winning the tournament with Tshwane-based school Clapham High School back in 2014, Kubheka has gone on to represent Amajita in two World Cups – in 2017 in South Korea and earlier this year when it was staged in Poland. The Mamelodi Sundowns youngster, who spent last season out on loan with Cape Umoya United in the GladAfrica Championship, is now back with his parent club and is determined to break into the star studded Downs team. Kubheka is inspired by former Downs star Percy Tau who also had to remain patient and work hard before finally breaking into Pitso Mosimane’s outfit. “When you talk about someone (Tau) who has been so close to me and my situation, from staying together at the Sundowns academy to him playing overseas, that is motivation enough for me to believe that anything is possible if you work hard,” said Kubheka. “It give you hope that it’s not about the time, but the direction, he went from the academy, to the NFD and then the PSL. Now he’s overseas playing in the Uefa Champions League with Club Brugge, it was just unthinkable and it really motivates us to push further." Kubheka is one of the notable names to have been unearthed by the COPA Coca-Cola tournament which is currently ongoing at Umlazi’s King Zwelithini Stadium. Other names to have come out of the tournament in the past 15 years are Sundowns’ Andile Jali, Orlando Pirates captain Happy Jele and former Kaizer Chiefs star Mandla Masango to name but a few. “If you look at the names that have come out of this tournament, that alone should tell you the magnitude and the platform it gives to young boys,” added Kubheka. “The standard is much higher this year. Football in the country is gradually growing. From year to year you see better talent. This year is no exception. But I think it has taken a bigger jump this year, the talent has improved immensely.” Gauteng representatives, the School of Excellence, who ended Kubheka’s former school and last year’s champions Clapham’s dominance in the competition to pip them to a spot in the National Finals, are the favourites to lift the title this year. DAY 2 Fixtures Stadium Northern Academy (Limpopo) v Portland High School (Western Cape) Botlhabelo SS (North West) v School of Excellence (Gauteng) Chief Jerry Nkosi (Mpumalanga) v Northern Academy (Limpopo) Botlhabelo SS (North West) v Ndzondelelo High School (Eastern Cape) Masibambane High School v Chief Jerry Nkosi (Mpumalanga) Field 1 Masibambane High School (KZN) v Theron High School (Northern Cape) Dr Reginald Cingo (Free State) v Ndzondelelo High School (Eastern Cape) School of Excellence (Gauteng) v Dr Reginald Cingo (Free State) Theron High School (Northern Cape) v Portland High School (Western Cape) 