SUPERSPORT United striker Thamsanqa Gabuza is proving to be an astute signing for the club. The former Orlando Pirates star looks a totally different player from the one who had a torrid time with the Buccaneers last term. In his first seven games for Matsatsantsa a Pitori, the gangly forward has already found the back of the net four times in all competitions. That’s a huge improvement from last season, where he failed to score even a single goal in the entire campaign. He is aware that nothing would please their supporters more than victory over Tshwane rivals Mamelodi Sundowns in the second-leg of MTN8 semi-final. The two sides will resume their rivalry at the Lucas Moripe Stadium tonight (7.30pm), as they battle for a berth in the Wafa Wafa final. The teams drew 1-1 in the first leg played at the same venue. But what’s behind Gabuza’s impressive start to life with the Tshwane outfit? Gabuza said: “It’s just down to the hard work that I’ve been putting in. “My teammates have also been very helpful. The coach trusts me as well, so that helps a lot and has given me a lot of confidence. “It’s a pleasure to play in this team with all these quality players who give everything for the jersey and fight for one another on the field. It all starts at training. “That’s where we build the understanding which makes things easier on match day.” Gabuza, who had a love hate relationship with Bucs fans, is hoping to endear himself to the Matsatsantsa faithful. “We are a football crazy nation, our people love soccer a lot,” added Gabuza. “When you are not doing as well as they expect, they will obviously criticise you. But when you’re doing well and scoring goals, they’ll also praise you. It’s just a football thing that we need to understand as footballers.” Sipho Mbule, another player who has made his mark for Matsatsantsa in the early stages of the season, is confident that they will get past Downs and make history by appearing in their third straight top-eight final. “I think we have shown against Cape Town City (drawn 3-3 in league) that we can score goals,” said Mbule. “We will look to get off to a good start, press them high and not allow them to impose their game on us. If we can dominate the midfield, then it will make life easier for us. They don’t like to play long ball, we need to force them into that sort of game.”