AN attempt to make his 4-5 bigger ended in pain and suffering. A 45-year-old man’s penis rotted away after he injected vaseline to try and make it bigger. According to The Sun, the unnamed man from South Pacific Island went to hospital after five days of suffering from an itchy sensation at the base of his 4-5. He then noticed a significant build-up of fluid and ulcers on the shaft of his penis, which were starting to rot and bleed. According to the doctors, the patient was also feeling weak and suffering fevers. MY GIANT 4-5 PROBLEM SOLVED He told doctors that he had self-injected vaseline into his shaft two years ago, in an attempt to boost his manhood size. Writing in a journal published in Urology Case Reports, Dr Amer Amin said the man was an "unwell looking man" with high fevers. He added that the penile shaft was "grossly deformed", tender and had a serious build-up of fluid. There were also small patches of visible rotting flesh and he was diagnosed with a condition called Fournier's gangrene - a life-threatening "flesh-eating bug" of the genitals.  He was rushed into the operating theatre where surgeons removed the dead flesh and drained the pus-filled pockets along his shaft. The man was taken to intensive care to recover ahead of further surgery planned for the next day. In total, he needed three operations to remove all of the infected and rotted tissue - mostly involving the scrotum, docs said. By his 10th day in hospital, his fevers had settled and his bloods had stabilised. He was transferred to the plastic surgery team, who performed multiple skin grafts on his 4-5 and scrotum. The man was allowed home from hospital after a month. In his report on the case, Dr Amin, of St Vincent's Hospital, Sydney, said: "A 45-year-old man from the South pacific islands was successfully treated with surgical debridement, intensive care unit admission and antibiotics after presenting to hospital with Fournier's gangrene. "Two years prior, he had self-administered Vaseline to the shaft of the penis in order to augment penile size."