THE spirit was high at Groetvlei Correction Centre, medium B section last Sunday. Inmates were excited to receive a special visit from members of the ST Patrick Anglican Church in Bloemfontein. Medium B is a section of offenders who committed minor crimes, including theft and housebreaking. The aim of the visit was to pray for the offenders. Chairperson the church’s Mothers Union, Tshidi Mogoera, said: “As mothers Union of S’T Patrick Anglican Church base at Bochabelo kasi in Bloemfontein, we came here at Groetvlei Correctional Centre with our lay ministers, Amadodana Group, our Church members and our Pastor Tshegofatso Msibi. We came here to bring words of encouragement to the offenders, knowing that they’re our children, parents and husbands. “We hope after sharing the word of God with them they’ll see light at the end of the tunnel.” Mogoera encouraged inmates not to be victims of circumstances, but make sound judgement and decisions. “The response was good. And all the inmates were happy and excited to see us. “What was also surprising was that they said we always spoke about them but never visited them. We pray at our churches and homes but never come to them,” she said. “We brought them a lot of fruits to uplift their spirits and told them we don’t have silver and gold but gave them what we have. Most importantly, we brought them the word of God.” “We also encouraged them to behave and co-operate with correctional service officials.” Mogoera appealed to the victims to forgive the perpetrators and give them a second chance in life. “We’ve listened and heard some of their touching testimonies, and above all else, they were remorseful and genuinely asked for forgiveness. “During our visit, we also realised that there were teachers and preachers among the offenders. “All they need is extensive rehabilitation and realise that they are also gifted and talented in various fields and professions.” The worthwhile visit to the correctional centre ended with a song a prayer.