 SHE HEARD that they raped her boy, but she didn’t demand
revenge. “I didn’t see criminals. I saw children who needed
redemption,” said the brave mum. “I WANT THOSE BOYS TO GET HELP!” These were the words of the broken-hearted mum after she heard that her eight-year-old son had been raped by boys of the same age inside a classroom. The mum of two said wishing them away and calling for them to be jailed would destroy them. “I was hurt by what these boys did to my son,” she told Daily Sun at her house in Tsakane, Ekurhuleni. “It’s sad that kids as young as nine are already raping. I’m a mother and can’t allow those poor kids to be condemned to self-destructive life.” Her eight year-old son was allegedly grabbed by seven boys at the primary school in Tsakane last Tuesday after the teacher had left. Four of the boys, aged nine, apparently forcibly undressed him and took turns penetrating him. “I was told by my younger son what had happened,” she said. The younger brother (5), who’s in grade R, allegedly witnessed what happened when he went to look for his brother. “I was angry and asked why they were late, and he told me what they did to his brother,” she said. She took him to the clinic, which referred them to the cop shop victim trauma centre where they met social workers. “They confirmed my son was raped,” said the mum. She said she went to the school the following day to talk to the teachers, but she wasn’t happy with the way the school handled the matter. “I was treated like a monster because I didn’t want the kids to be punished. That was not my intention,” she said. The sad mum was frustrated even more after the school took to social media instead. She went to Tsakane cop shop, where the cops explained they didn’t have a facility to keep the children but offered her and her son counselling. “The cops were good to us and they explained the situation properly. I understood why they couldn’t arrest the boys,” she said. “I want those kids to get psychological help to root out this behaviour. Getting them arrested will destroy them,” she said. “Attending to this case now will help them so they won’t be rapists in future.” Her son had told her one of the boys said he wanted to turn her son into his girlfriend. “He says these boy have sodomised him twice,” she said. She had been surprised by her boy’s strange behaviour prior to the second incident. “He has anger issues now,” said the worried mum. Sergeant Lerato Mngomezulu of Tsakane Police Station said a rape case was opened and an investigation was under way. The boys had not been arrested. Gauteng education spokeman Steve Mabona said counselling was arranged for the mum and her son.