BANYANA Banyana will face former World Champions Japan in an international friendly match scheduled for 10 November.The encounter is scheduled to take place at the Kitakyushu Stadium in Fukuoka, Japan (8am SA time). Japan are the host of the 2020 Olympic Games and they will be using this encounter as part of their preparations. As hosts of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics Games, the Asians have automatically qualified for the tournament which will run from 24 July to 9 August. On the other end, Banyana have failed to qualify for the Olympics as they were knocked out 3-2 on penalties by Botswana in the second round qualifiers. Banyana coach Desiree Ellis says this match will be a good test for them as the Asian side are ranked 11th in the world with banyana in the top 50 as they are occupying the 49th spot in the rankings. "We are very excited to be playing this match because Japan is one of the powerhouses in women’s football," Ellis said. "I am confident this is going to be a great spectacle and we looking forward to this match, which comes after the huge disappointment of being knocked out of the Olympic quaifiers. "“Japan is the leader in Asia and a former World Champion. They have won the World Cup at U17, U20 and Senior level, so they are very tough customers,” added the former Banyana Banyana captain.“They are similar in the way we want to play so this is a great opportunity to get learn more from them. They are further ahead than us in their development so it will be huge test for us. She added: "They run non-stop and that means we have to be in a good physical shape and stay fully concentrated for the duration of the game. 'They are small in stature like us and have perfected their way of playing – their passing and movement off the ball is something we can learn from. Technically and tactically they are very effective and do the simple things well.” This will be the second ever ever meeting between the two nations, and Ellis knows all too well that they are a very formidable side.The first match was at the London Olympic Games in July 2012 in the group stages, and it ended in a goalless draw at Millenium Stadium in Cardiff.In their respective continents (AFC and CAF), they both occupy third positions.South Africa and Japan were at the 2019 FIFA Women’s World Cup in France – with Banyana Banyana being knocked out in the group stages, while the Asians departed the scene in the next round of 16.Japan has been ever present in the Women’s World Cup since the inaugural tournament in 1991. They were crowned champions in 2011 following a 3-2 penalty shootout victory over the current world champions USA – after the scores were level at 2-2 at the end of extra time.In the following edition in 2015, they finished in second place.Japan have won the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Women’s Asian Cup twice.