ORLANDO Pirates caretaker coach Rhulani Mokwena is fast running out of time to turn things around at the Soweto club. Mokwena, who is undoubtedly one of the most promising young coaches in the country, has struggled to make a mark as Bucs coach since he took over from Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic last month. Ever since he stepped into one of the biggest posts on the African continent, Mokwena has found the going rather tough – winning just one of his six matches in all competitions. His only victory came against struggling Chippa United in the league before their woes continued with a 4-3 defeat at the hands of Bidvest Wits in Durban last weekend. They now have to bounce back against an equally desperate Cape Town City outfit in their next Absa Premiership clash at Orlando Stadium tomorrow (3.30pm). Mokwena is aware that victory against Benni McCarthy’s Citizens could appease the Bucs’ faithful, who have been less than impressed by their side’s recent showing. “This coaching job is a lonely job. I’m quickly learning that,” said Mokwena. “I understand that when it’s right and the wins come, the coaches get the credit. And when we get it wrong and we lose games, the coaches get criticised. “But I can’t’ control people’s beliefs and perceptions. I focus on trying to be a better coach every day. The group know how hard I work, the club know how hard I work and that’s all I can control. What other people say or believe, I can’t control. “What I know is that the affection I have for this club is very strong.” On the other hand, it has not been smooth sailing either for McCarthy’s the Citizens in the early stages of season. They have only managed to win just one of their six matches so far and are currently languishing in 11th spot on the standings. McCarthy is expecting a better performance against Bucs, who will be looking to avenge last season’s 2-2 draw that ultimately cost them the league title. “Pirates are very physical, they play until the last whistle,” said McCarthy. WEEKEND FIXTURES SATURDAY Golden Arrows v Stellenbosch (Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium, 3pm); Orlando Pirates v Cape Town City FC (Orlando Stadium, 3.30pm); Kaizer Chiefs v Baroka FC (FNB Stadium, 6pm); SuperSport United v AmaZulu (Lucas Moripe Stadium, 8.15pm) SUNDAY Black Leopards v Bloemfontein Celtic (Thohoyandou Stadium, 3pm); Highlands Park v Polokwane City (Makhulong Stadium, 3pm)