 The family of former Bosasa boss Gavin Watson has
reportedly claimed that - if he was murdered - they have a pretty good idea who
was behind it. According to Times Select, Watson's nephew Jared
said if any foul play led to Watson's death, then it "can only be one
person". Watson was killed in a "horrific" car
accident in the early hours of August 26 close to OR Tambo International
Airport in Johannesburg. Jared told Times Select that while the family could
not definitively say that Watson was murdered, they had numerous unanswered
questions about how he died, fuelled by some of the findings of a private
forensic pathologist. Former president Jacob Zuma raised concerns about
the circumstances of former Bosasa CEO Gavin Watson's death when he spoke at
the funeral in Port Elizabeth on Tuesday. The private pathology report has reportedly
revealed that Watson was already dead before he crashed his company car into a
concrete pillar at the OR Tambo International Airport. The Citizen on Sunday quoted an anonymous family
member who confirmed the findings that were first reported by Sunday World. Not suicide This means that Watson's death was most probably
not a suicide, as initially thought. The embattled Watson, who used his struggle
credentials to secure lucrative business deals after the fall of apartheid, in
recent months became the subject of scrutiny as allegations of corruption and
bribery started to surface at the Zondo commission of inquiry into state
capture. His former lieutenant, Angelo Agrizzi, turned on
Watson and revealed him to be the absolute kingpin in the Bosasa empire of
bribes, intimidation and cold hard cash. During Agrizzi's testimony, Watson was painted as
the key figure in a nearly two-decade-long scheme that involved paying numerous
bribes to government officials and political leaders in exchange for lucrative
government contracts. Data from the National Treasury shows that, between
2004 and 2019, Bosasa netted an estimated R12bn from numerous state
departments, a conservative calculation that is likely to increase. Donation to CR17 Watson was also linked to a R500 000 donation made
to President Cyril Ramaphosa's ANC election campaign, a donation Ramaphosa
denied knowing anything about and which was made in such a way as to hide
Watson’s identity as a donor. Since these revelations, the heat was on for
Watson, with the South African Revenue Service investigating him to determine
whether he had hidden funds from SARS, and exactly how much he may owe in
unpaid taxes. News24 earlier reported that a wallet containing
R70 in cash was all that Watson had with him when he died.  Police officials who attended the scene also found
his ID card and driver's licence, but there were no travel bags, passports or
cellphones in the company-owned Toyota Corolla. The accident occurred at about 05:05 on the road
leading up to the drop-off zone of the airport. It is understood that the
vehicle collided with the pillar of a bridge after Watson allegedly lost
control. Watson was supposed to testify at an inquiry into
his tax affairs the day after his death. May have been murdered His death led to much speculation that he had
committed suicide or may have been murdered. According to the private pathology report, Watson's
body did not show any signs of "significant trauma", such as facial
injuries or significant bruising. In addition, despite Watson's neck artery being
severed, there reportedly wasn't enough blood found on the scene that would be
consistent with such an injury. Speaking to Kieno Kammies on Cape Talk, forensic
investigator Dr David Klatzow affirmed the findings of the forensic report. "If he (Watson) was alive at the time of the
crash and he had severed a major blood vessel in the neck, that would produce a
fair amount of bleeding, and it would appear...that there wasn't a lot of
blood. That's concerning," Klatzow said. Jared told Times Select that both the crash scene
investigator and pathologist, whom the family hired, have ruled out that the
crash was "self-inflicted". They reportedly believe it is either foul
play or an accident. Jared reportedly said on the balance of
probabilities, Watson's death could be foul play, but declined to name the
person the family suspected of being behind it. Police spokesperson Colonel Katlego Mogale told
Times Select the investigation was progressing with the intention of preparing
for an inquest hearing into the crash. According to the Citizen, the findings of the
private pathology report was preliminary and it would be best to wait for the
final findings, which would include information such as toxicology data.  - Compiled by Riaan Grobler SOURCE: NEWS24