REIGNING African Boxing Union (ABU) lightweight champion Michael “Pronto” Mokoena is expecting to collect yet another victory when he returns to East London to face Siphosethu “Heavy Rain” Mvula on 29 September. Mokoena and Mvula will tear into each for the vacant International Boxing Federation (IBF) Africa lightweight title. Their highly-anticipated showdown will be the undercard of junior lightweight IBF world title elimination bout between Azinga Fuzile and the Russian Shavkat Rakhimov. The hard-hitting Gauteng based warrior has graduated from being South Africa’s boxing dark horse to be a feared lightweight contender. He returns to Mzansi’s mecca of boxing after he left a bitter taste in the mouth of East London supporters in July by knocking out local prospect Phumelele Sibahle in the fifth round. The lanky fighter is eyeing another victory on his second Eastern Cape visit. “I’m excited to fight in front of a thrilling East London boxing fans once more. It is a lovely place to fight at, always packed to capacity with vibrant supporters. “Winning an IBF regional belt would be good for our camp,” he said. Since Mokoena teamed up with master tactician Anton Gilmore he has been a difficult boxer to beat and has produced surprise victories against highly rated local boxers. Last September he sent out shock waves when he registered a fourth round stoppage over the former SA and IBO champion Lusanda Komani. Six months ago he also sent another seasoned campaigner Thompson Mokwana to slumberland. Despite being now seen as a knockout specialist, Mokoena said he always prepares for full rounds and is always ready if a knockout present itself along the way. “I am anticipating a tough fight against Mvula that is why I have started preparing hard for him as early as possible so that I can have an easy ride. I don’t know much about him except that he is a busy fighter who comes forward. However, I’m positive because a win can put me in better place,” he said. Mokoena, who has 15 wins and three defeats in four years as a professional attributed his fine form to his partnership with Gilmore. According to the skilful fighter he was not using his strength to his advantage and since he changed tactically things have changed for the better.