 Everyone needs to join forces to tackle the growing waste challenge, says Dr Casper Durandt, the chairman of Petco and head of sustainable packaging for Coca-Cola in southern and east Africa. “Producers should design packaging that is 100% recyclable by eliminating colour, PVC and multilayer packaging,” he says. Clear bottles have the highest commercial value for recycling. Light blue bottles are also acceptable as they can be blended in with clear bottles, says Cheri Scholtz, CEO of plastic recycling company Petco. Green and brown bottles are also recycled, but have a more limited end-use market and therefore a much lower value than clear bottles. However, Petco has two contractors that recycle green bottles into the straps used to tie goods on to trucks and in warehouses. Designers are encouraged to consider alternatives such as perforated sleeves if colour is necessary, says Scholtz. Multilayer packaging is where a product is packaged in different materials such as paper, plastic and foil. Filter coffee, toothpaste, processed meats, cheese and sauces are examples of such products. These materials can only be recycled if the layers can be separated as it is expensive and difficult to recycle. Anton Hanekom, managing director of Plastics SA, also emphasises the key role consumers can play to make the recycling process cheaper and more effective. In South Africa, the largest quantity of recyclables – 70% – was obtained from landfill sites and other post-consumer sources. “Landfill material is of poor quality and contaminated, so it is expensive to recycle,” warns a report by Plastics SA. Hanekom says: “In the European community, local government and the plastics industry are all involved in getting the recyclables out of the waste stream as early as possible. “Let’s remove recyclables from the waste stream at home. As a first step, put it in a clear plastic bag on top of your dustbin so that reclaimers can remove it. “If there are no reclaimers in your neighbourhood, the bag will land up in a landfill, where the reclaimers there can easily identify and remove the recyclables.” Hanekom also suggests that consumers rinse plastic containers in which products such as meat or yoghurt was packaged before putting them in the recycling bin. You can also drop off plastic, glass and paper at recycling points (see box). Durandt says: “Of course, it’s tempting to romanticise a world without packaging – surely if we stopped producing glass, tins and plastic bottles, people and the planet would be better off? “But this ignores some of the benefits of food and beverage containers – they help reduce food spoilage and waste, improve affordability of foodstuffs and flexibility of portions, as well as limit the spread of disease. We need to maintain these benefits while minimising the impact of waste.” International research has shown that correct packaging can lengthen shelf life of beef by up to six days. A cucumber will stay fresh for two weeks instead of three days if it is packaged correctly. According to Plastics Europe, the shelf life of fresh food can be lengthened threefold with correct packaging. And, after all, plastic is already with us and it can take up to 1 000 years to degrade. With effective recycling, its impact on our environment can be drastically reduced.