The sister of Public Works Minister Patricia de Lille,
Cynthia Jeffreys, has resigned from the department as an assistant appointment
secretary, a parliamentary reply revealed on Monday.  "She has since resigned from her position stating
ethical reasons," De Lille said in a written reply to a parliamentary
question by DA MP Samantha Graham-Maré.  Graham had asked De Lille for confirmation of the
appointment, what the official job title was, whether proper processes were
followed, how many other applications were received, whether she had the
required skills and competencies, and what the relationship between the two
was.  De Lille replied Jeffreys was a relative and proper
processes were followed in terms of the Public Service Regulations.  "No applications were received for the position as the
appointment of the specified person was done without advertising as provided
for in Regulation 66, Sub-regulation (2) of the Public Service Regulations,
2016," she said.  Jeffreys was appointed with a relaxation of qualifications in
terms of the same act and subjected to an interview process to determine her
suitability for the position, according to the reply.  "The delegation to approve lies with the
director-general. Relaxation of inherent requirements [qualifications] is a
standard practice in the public service."  Jeffreys was said to have 14 years' experience as a
secretary, receptionist and administrator.  De Lille stated staff were hired based on merit and
experience.  "It is not a requirement for HR recruitment to
establish whether candidates are related to any of those already in
employment."  On Monday, De Lille's spokesperson, Zara Nicholson, told
News24 Jeffrey's resignation "was a result of her own introspection".  "She was also assisting for three months in the
minister's office while the office was busy recruiting staff as [she] has
parliament secretarial experience, having worked for the DA before."  In August, HeraldLive reported Public Protector Busisiwe
Mkhwebane was investigating De Lille for, among other things, allegations of
nepotism after receiving a complaint about the hiring of Jeffreys.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/de-lilles-sister-resigns-from-public-works-post-for-ethical-reasons-20190930