According to the report, the wealthiest cities in Africa are: 1. Johannesburg Total wealth held in the city amounts to US$248 billion. Most of Johannesburg’s wealth is concentrated in Sandton, which is home to the JSE (the largest stock market in Africa) and to the head offices of most of Africa’s largest banks and corporates. Exclusive suburbs in Johannesburg/Sandton include Hyde Park, Sandhurst, Houghton, and Westcliff. Major sectors in Joburg include: financial services (banks), professional services (law firms, consultancies), telecoms and basic materials. 2. Cape Town Total wealth held in the city amounts to US$133 billion. Cape Town is home to Africa’s most exclusive and expensive suburbs such as Clifton, Bishopscourt, Camps Bay and Bantry Bay. Also a hotspot for wealthy second home owners from around the world. Major sectors include: real estate, financial services (fund management), retail and tourism. 3. Cairo Total wealth held in the city amounts to US$129 billion. Cairo is home to more billionaires than any other African city. Major sectors include: financial services, telecoms, construction, and basic materials. 4.Lagos Total wealth held in the city amounts to US$96 billion. It is the largest city in Africa, in terms of population and GDP (but not in terms of wealth). Affluent parts of Lagos include Ikoyi and Victoria Island. Major sectors in the city include: basic materials, oil and gas, transport, and financial services. 5. Durban and Umhlanga Total wealth held in the city amounts to US$54 billion. This figure includes wealth held in Durban, Umhlanga, La Lucia, and Ballito. Notably, Umhlanga and Ballito are two of the fastest growing areas in SA, in terms of wealth growth over the past 10 years. Major sectors include: financial services, healthcare, real estate, diversified and transport. 6. Nairobi The economic hub of East Africa and one of the fastest growing cities in the world. Total wealth held in the city amounts to US$49 billion. Affluent parts of the Nairobi include: Runda Estate, Lavington, Kitisuru, Karen and Muthaiga. Major industries include: financial services, real estate, tourism, media, clothing, textiles, processed foods, beverages, and cigarettes. Other interesting findings from report:  Source: https://www.property24.com/articles/johannesburg-is-the-wealthiest-city-in-africa-then-cape-town-and-cairo/28850