Protesters walked away from Inkatha Freedom Party founder Mangosuthu Buthelezi as he was addressing them about the ongoing attacks in the Province. This act by the protesters was a huge sign of disrespect to their leader, said one eye witness. "It showed that they had no interest in what he was saying" said the witness. This happened at Julies Park in Joburg a short while ago. Mangosuthu said what they have seen in the past few days was not accepted. “The attacks on foreign people, looting of their things and burning of their buildings shows hate" he told the crowds who then started walking away. He said the south African constitution said that once people are in our country, they have similar rights to South African citizens. People did not like that what he had said. He said he felt ashamed. “As Africans, we are making a joke of ourselves. It’s like we’ve forgotten that they helped us during apartheid by keeping us in their countries,” he said. The crowd did not like that at all and began to leave the park singing war songs. Meanwhile, Police cautioned church-goers, shoppers and commuters to stay away from the area around the MTN Taxi Rank and Joburg CBD following latest incidents of attacks on businesses. Gauteng police spokeswoman Brigadier Mathapelo Peters said that a joint deployment made up of the SAPS and the JMPD was closely monitoring Jeppestown and surrounding areas following notices of a gathering that was addressed by Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi in Jeppestown. “A crowd of about 1200 hostel residents gathered at Murray Park and shortly into the address by Prince Buthelezi, a splinter group disrupted the address and left before proceedings were concluded. Incidents of attacks on businesses have since been reported in parts of the CBD where police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets to restrain the growing crowd who attempted to move through the CBD via corner Bree and Twist Streets,” said Mathapelo. She said many shops are currently closed while police remain on high alert to ensure minimum damages and criminality. In the meantime, police remain on the ground and on high alert to ensure the safety of church-goers, shoppers and commuters who were caught up in the mayhem. Police have now cautioned law abiding citizens to stay away from the Jeppestown area, MTN taxi rank and shops in the CBD until calm has been restored. “This is to ensure that innocent people do not find themselves either injured or arrested unnecessarily. At this stage, no injuries and no arrests have been reported,” said Mathapelo.  