DON’T honour me when I’m dead! This is the crystal clear message from Josiah Thugwane to officials who usually fall all over themselves to honour athletes when they’re dead, having neglected them while they were still alive. Thugwane became the first black South African to win an Olympic gold medal at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics in the USA. Yet the athletics legend lives a miserable life and feels neglected in his own country. Thugwane (48) is bitter and wants nothing to do with the SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) and Athletics SA (ASA) anymore. It is commonplace in South Africa to listen to moving eulogies from politicians and officials, who often seek relevance when the nation mourns a hero. “In South Africa, a person is only appreciated when they’re dead. “I detached myself from athletics because it abandoned me. My academy collapsed because of funding. I knocked on every door for help but they sidelined me,” said Thugwane with a tinge of sadness in his voice. The image of Thugwane carrying the South African flag on a victory lap in Atlanta remains one of the most endearing images of Mzansi sporting pride. But while other countries still celebrate their yesteryear heroes, Thugwane feels unappreciated. Even the academy he established to train youngsters has closed down due to lack of funding. ASA named its SA 10km event in Mpumalanga after him but he claims that it’s only a ploy to deceive people. “It’s not my race. It’s just a strategy to make people think that they care about me. I feel unappreciated. Being a legend in this country is tough,” he explained. The furious legend reckons Mzansi’s marathon has gone backwards since 1996, adding it’s a pity that he is going to take his knowledge to the grave, instead of imparting it on the younger generation. He claims his endless pleas for help at Sascoc and ASA have fallen on deaf ears. He said foreign runners do as they please exchanging the podium, while local runners watch helplessly. “In the marathon, Stephen Mokoka is the only one that is trying. The problem is that our runners don’t train as a group and big companies don’t invest in the sport,” he added. “In the Comrades Marathon, the locals are doing well. Mr Price and Nedbank started running clubs but have signed too many foreigners.” Back in the olden days, mining companies used to back athletics giving them funds to pursue their dreams. But Thugwane feels that it’s no longer the case these days. All that he is asking for is to be honoured while he is still alive and not to be celebrated when he is dead.