GOOD riddance! That’s the feeling among several AmaZulu players, following the dismissal of erstwhile coach Cavin Johnson. The club cited poor results for their decision to pull the trigger on Johnson, who guided them to a top-eight finish last season and swiftly replaced him with former Polokwane City coach Jozef Vukusic. But the players, including Ouro Akoriko, have revealed the “real reasons” behind Johnson’s shock dismissal, including his influence in the sale of Emiliano Tade to Mamelodi Sundowns. Serious allegations of favouritism and corruption have also been levelled against the affable Johnson, during his two-year tenure with the KwaZulu-Natal outfit. “As for me, I was relieved to see the bosses let him go. “What was the use of putting effort in training when you knew you were not going to play?” asked one player, speaking on condition of anonymity. “The coach had his favourites and that killed morale.” Another player, who also sought anonymity, said: “Before the recent game against Golden Arrows, few players went out for dinner at a local restaurant. “Ovidy Karuru shared the picture of the outing on the team’s WhatsApp group. “However, Allan Clark, Johnson’s assistant, blew it out of proportion, creating the impression that Karuru was sowing divisions within the team. “They tried to tarnish his image. But management knows the kind of person Karuru is.” The players further claimed Johnson forced Siyabonga Nomvethe into retirement and that he pushed the club to sell Karuru, Talent Chawapiwa and Mhlengi Cele in order to re-sign Emiliano Tade from Mamelodi Sundowns. “He was the one who pushed for the sale of Tade to Sundowns in January in order to benefit from the deal, while AmaZulu were looking to release the striker at end of the season,” said the source. “Cele was one of the players that Cavin insisted be sold so that he could bring Tade back.” Quizzed on the allegations, Johnson, was dismayed. “Corruption? Favouritism? If you show signs of favouritism in football you are dead as a coach. Completely dead,” he retorted. “You train the players and you put out the best team every week. “But that (corruption and favouritism) . . . it’s crazy. “It is just people being nasty.” Akoriko, who left the club at the end of last season, alleged Johnson was released because he was earning more than Clark. “It’s right that they sacked him. He caused division within the club with his favouritism. “The players must be honest. They know about these things,” said Akoriko. AmaZulu said they were not aware of the allegations, and reiterated the reasons cited for Johnson’s dismissal. “As you saw in our statement, the decision was purely based on results. “We plan for a certain number of points from certain number of games. “Sadly, that wasn’t achieved. “Coach Cavin was good to the team,” said AmaZulu media officer Brilliant Mkhathini.