RED-HOT SuperSport United striker Bradley Grobler is not reading too much into his early season form that’s got tongues wagging in the league. The 31-year-old, who has now emerged as South African football’s hot property, is the top goal-scorer in the Absa Premiership with four goals. The father of two boys has found the back of the net on five occasions in all competitions. He could have taken his goal scoring tally to six goals in all competitions had he not missed a penalty kick in the 1-1 draw against Kaizer Chiefs in the league. The former Platinum Stars goal-poacher has alluded his fantastic start in the new campaign due to an excellent pre-season. Grobler endured frustrating seasons going under the knife twice and there was a time when he thought he would be forced into early retirement. But his career seems to have been rejuvenated. So far, he is having the best time of his life under coach Kaitano Tembo’s guidance. Grobler is still celebrating his call-up to the Bafana Bafana squad set to play in an international friendly game against Zambia on Saturday. Said Grobler: “To be honest, it’s all about having a good pre-season. The seven weeks of pre-season gave my body much-needed time to recover. “My confidence is extremely high and now I can take on anyone and any team. “After frustrating seasons, with two groin operations and ankle injuries, I feel football has given me a second chance and am ready to grab it with both hands.” But the lethal striker refuses to be drawn into whether he can go on and win the golden boot. “It’s too early to talk about topping the scoring charts. I don’t even regard myself as an on-form player at the moment,” he said. “I want to score in 10 or 15 games in a row and become a consistent scorer. Then, I can start dreaming about the golden boot. I feel good and am enjoying myself.” Grobler’s inspiration in football is English and Newcastle United legend Allan Shearer. Although he doesn’t want to commit himself about his chances to win the golden boot, Grobler agrees Matsatsantsa a Pitori are the contenders to win the league this season. “We have lot of good players in our team and are ambitious. Yes, we want to win the league and are challenging for it this year.”