 DESPERATE times called for desperate measures for Jar Mlambo (49) who had to loot his own shack to survive the recent xenophobic attacks in Katlehong, Ekurhuleni. Jar was in the same shack as his slain country man Issac Sithole, when the residents of Mandela in Katlehong, invaded their shack, baying for their blood. According to Jar, Issac was unlucky as he ran towards the people who killed him and allegedly set his lifeless body alight. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. THEY KILLED AND BURNED ISAAC Jar Mlambo, says his friend Isaac thought he was running for safety when the mob- killed and burned him during xenophobic attacks in Katlehong. Speaking to Daily Sun, said, “We were sleeping, and heard the noise from outside, suddenly people banging our shack. “It was around 1am, I wasn’t aware they were going to gain access to the shack.” He said after Isaac ran away, he had to think on his feet as the residents were already in the shack, through the whole they opened on the side of the shack. “I had to act like I was looting, I put the hoodie hat over my head, I also put a shirt on my head and grabbed the TV as I headed out through the same hole they had opened, and that is how I managed to survive.” With the TV, he said he was creating an impression that he was with the would-be-attackers. He said had he not looted; he would have been killed. Jar said hours before the attacks, he saw a group of community members gathered in the street. “I saw them I asked why they were gathered, they said they were patrolling the streets.” But according to Jar, it turns out that the residents were plotting their attack on foreign nationals in the neigbourhood. Yesterday, five busses left Katlehong. Two headed to Zimbabwe while three headed for Mozambique as foreign nationals were repatriated to their countries of origin following the attacks that were carried out against them last week. However, some have opted to stay behind as they hope to be intergraded back into communities, while others said they are turning their backs on South Africa for good. 