South African Minister of Basic Education, Angie Motshekga,
has unveiled a plan to let learners leave school at Grade 9, equipped with a
General Education Certificate (GEC). In her speech at the SADTU National Congress in Johannesburg
this week, she described the eleven focus areas of the 2019 to 2024 Medium-Term
Strategic Framework (MTSF). Priority 4 aims to deal "decisively with the quality
and efficiency through the implementation of standardised assessments to reduce
failure, repetition, and drop-out rates," she said. "We are also working on the introduction of multiple
qualifications such as the General Education Certificate before the Grade 12
exit qualification," she explained. Revision, staying active, working hard: Cream of 2018 matric
crop share their insights Some of the 2018 National Senior Certificate (NSC) top
achievers say that they remain anxious on how well they have done ahead of the
results being announced at Midnight on Thursday. Motshekga revealed that the Department of Basic Education
has developed a draft framework for the GEC and that "assessment and
examination modalities for the GEC are being investigated and have been
presented at the HEDCOM meeting" adding that "the Technical
Occupational subjects have been packaged and submitted to Umalusi for
approval." The first cycle of Systemic Evaluation in Grades 3, 6 and 9
will be finalised by June 2020, she announced, and the Field Trial for the GEC
at the end of Grade 9 is scheduled for completion at the end of July 2020. What do parents and experts think of this development? We rounded up the most common opinions of parents,
caregivers and educators and unpacked them here: The good Many have expressed the opinion that not every child is an
academic, and that not everyone can make it into an office job. For some children the option of going to a trade school
after Grade 9, and spending three years learning skills, is much better than
struggling through to matric and only then starting to learn a trade. These school leavers will be able to start businesses
earlier and those with an entrepreneurial mindset could do well, suggested
some. The bad Others are concerned that there is nowhere for these kids to
go once they’ve finished Grade 9. A shortage of trade schools and a lack of
skills and jobs could result in an even higher unemployment rate, and more kids
on the streets. Some pointed out that a matric certificate is a requirement
for almost every job, and entrepreneurs need capital to start up a business, so
these children will struggle to make something of themselves. The ugly Still more suggest that the government is implementing this
without input from parents and educators, solely to make the matric pass rate
look better. Several pointed out that these new school leavers will be
aged between 15 and 17, asking "what does a 15-year-old know?" When so many job seekers with just a matric certificate are
unemployable, and university graduates needing experience to be employed, how
will a school leaver with a GEC find work, except as a general labourer? Others raised concerns that more young people out of school,
and out of work, will put more of a burden on the government grant system. The stats In her speech, Motshekga said that school drop-out begins to
occur amongst 16 to 18-year-olds, where the school participation rate is about
86%. She added that numbers have been stabilising in recent years. She also described that the matric pass rate has climbed
substantially over the past 24 years from "a low base of 53.4% in 1994 to
the high of 78.2% in 2018." SOURCE: NEWS24