THE top bras at BMW must have gave one instruction to the designers when they hired them – ‘Grills, Grills, Grills’. BMW has chosen the 68th International Automobile Exhibition IAA Cars show in Frankfurt to unveil the BMW Concept 4. The company says the concepts distinctive kidney grille, remarkable air intakes and prominently sculpted surfaces provide an immediate advert for the car’s performance and its engaging character as a driver’s car. Senior Vice President BMW Group Design, Adrian van Hooydonk said the Concept 4 embodies the aesthetic essence of the BMW brand. “It combines perfect proportions with a clear and precise design,” he said. The new 4 series is an attention grabber at the heart of it all is the vertical kidney grille.  “The kidney grille has always been a signature feature of BMW cars,” said Domagoj Dukec, Head of BMW Design.  Dukec said the BMW Concept 4 presents a confident and classy take on this iconic feature. “At the same time, the BMW Concept 4 offers a look ahead to the expressive face of the 4 Series range.” According to Dukec its form and design references legendary classics such as the BMW 328 or the BMW 3.0 CSi.  The slim and focused twin headlights are slightly angled and team up with the kidney grille to lend the front end a modern look with a strong identity.  The striking LED light elements have no glass cover; instead they are worked into the body like three-dimensional sculptures. Ofcourse this allows them to bring an even greater sense of modernity and technical sophistication to the front end. Sophisticated details at second glance.  Look at the BMW Concept 4 more closely and further classy details are revealed. The minimalist, two-section exterior mirrors emerge harmoniously out of the weather strips. The lower section in polished aluminium extends the weather strip in a flowing movement and becomes a mirror surface, while the aerodynamically optimised rear section is in body colour and rounds off the design of the mirrors in dynamic fashion.  The LED rear lights consist of a single fibre-optic element, which lends the familiar BMW L shape a cutting-edge “heartbeat” graphic and dispenses with a glass cover.  Their contours underscore the sportingly horizontal focus of the rear end and accentuate its muscular stance on the road.  The striking diffuser integrated into the muscular rear apron sets the seal on the car’s rear-end design.