South African Schools Football Association (Sasfa) president Mandla “Shoes” Mazbibuko says it is high time a resolution to their ongoing feud with the South African Football Association (Safa) is found. In 2015, in Mpumalanga, Safa passed a resolution in their National Executive Committee that “derecognised” Sasfa, and set afoot plans to start a parallel structure to take over the running of schools’ football. However, a defiant Sasfa were adamant that they are the “only authentic voice of schools football in South Africa” and were not prepared to hand over school’s sport to the federation. This led to the ongoing battle between the two associations. But speaking at the launch of the COPA Coca-Cola  U-15 Schools tournament National Finals set to be staged in Durban from 19 – 21 September, Mazibuko said they were now fed up with the feud. “It’s really irritating and annoying. It is holding us back because we don’t know why a resolution hasn’t been found yet,” said Mazibuko. “If it were up to us, it would have been over a long time ago. We could have asked the Minister of Sport, Arts and Culture Nathi Mthethwa to intervene and help us resolve this matter. "This has been going on for six years now. People said they have the right to do things but we don’t see what it is that they are doing. We don’t want to point fingers but this matter has dragged on for far too long. A lot of money and resources have been wasted on this issue. “The dispute is ongoing and we don’t know where it will end up, but we are committed to continuing doing the work that we have been doing with schools sport.” Meanwhile, Mazibuko said they are expecting the standard at this year’s tournament to be much higher than previous years as a result of the progress the competition has made in the years it has been running in Mzansi. “This year we are expecting a lot according to the reports we received from our scouts who have traveled to all the nine provinces along with our ambassadors. They have praised the amount of talent on display and we expect the standard to be very good this year,” added Mazibuko. “Clapham High School were expected to come and defend their title, but they were stunned by the School of Excellence in the provincial finals in Tembisa. This year we will have teams that have never made it to the National Finals before and we are guaranteed a new champion.”