KAIZER Chiefs are eager to register back-to-back victories when they host Baroka FC in an Absa Premiership match at FNB Stadium on Saturday (6pm). Amakhosi reclaimed their position at the top of league table on Tuesday when they beat bottom club AmaZulu 2-0 in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal. The win brought a huge relief to Chiefs fans, following a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Polokwane City, who are tied with them at the summit on 13 points. Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp has a plan up his sleeves to overcome Baroka, who have always given them a tough time. In fact, Bakgaga beat Amakhosi 1-0 at the same venue in April during the second round last season, while the teams drew 1-1 in Polokwane in the first round. Said Middendorp: “It’s nothing unusual. We have seen it (how Baroka play). “We had a little bit of adjustment last week in our midfield structure, it worked very well to the benefit of some players. We are still moving into a certain direction to adjust.” The German will rely heavily on Australian midfielder Kearyn Baccus to unlock Bakgaga defence. “Baccus can be best in possession (of ball) to get the best out of (Lebogang) Manyama and other players. We have observed them (Baroka) against Bidvest Wits and Black Leopards recently. But for us, the aim is to get players into the sharpness we need on Saturday.” Middendorp is hoping his injured key striker Samir Nurkovic, wingback Reeve Frosler and left-back Siphosakhe Ntiya-ntiya will be fit for the match against Usuthu. Explained Middendorp: “The decision (whether they will play or not) will be done earliest on Saturday. I can’t give you a clear indication at the moment.” Meanwhile, Chiefs defender Daniel Cardoso said their defence is ready to keep another clean sheet. “Its been a good start to the season, we haven’t had a good start for quiet some time and we just have to keep going. We have a positive mind at the moment and I don’t see it changing anytime soon. We have been fighting for one another which is something we missed last season. We have been dominating most of our games and we’ve got to keep going,” he said. But Cardoso insist they are not thinking about winning the league at the moment, having gone four years without a trophy in their cabinet. “It’s too early to talk about the league title. We still have another 24 games to go, but we are in the right frame of mind.”