AWARD-WINNING singer Holly Rey has caught the attention of music lovers. First, her hit song, Deeper, found a home in the hearts of house-heads. Then, she sunk her nails into showbiz by winning the Record of the Year accolade at the 25th annual South African Music Awards. The songstress (real name Holly Wasserfall) has been involved in a financial tussle with her former manager, DJ Websta. Websta and Holly started working together in 2012. Sunday Sun has seen emails where Holly’s mum, Vivienne Wasserfall, was telling stakeholders that they’ve officially appointed Websta as the singer’s manager. But now the relationship has soured. The DJ (real name Vuyani Maketa) has been posting on social media that he wants what’s owed to him by Holly. But Holly’s lawyers fought back by sending him a letter, in which they asked him to withdraw the statements and apologise to their client. The letter in the SunTeam’s possession, reads, in part: “Our client has instructed us that you have wrongfully and unlawfully published various defamatory statements about our client on various social media platforms, such to include by not limited to Instagram, Facebook, newspapers and a verbal interview on eGazi radio station.” The letter also states that on 6 September 2019, a picture of their client was posted by DJ Websta on his Instagram and Facebook profile with defamatory statements. “This was posted along with five other pictures, three are screenshots of conversations, and two event posters, which was “liked” by 99 people and resulted in 12 comments,” read the letter. The letter further states that Websta posted a second picture titled “part 2” with defamatory statements. The lawyers asked Websta to withdraw the statements on all platforms in which they were published, with an apology. In her account, Holly said: “I’m aware of the accusation made by Websta on social media. “But I can’t comment on that. My lawyers are dealing with the matter.” Her lawyer, Mike Pedersen of MB Pedersen and Associates, said: “My instructions are that he has no valid claims against my client, and that his actions are malicious and defamatory in nature. “All my client’s rights remain reserved.” When called for comment, Websta said:  he’d received communication from Holly’s lawyers.“Going forward, the issue will be handled by the lawyersand that’s a good start.“It’s public knowledge that I’ve been trying to get hold of Holly. It’s on my social media page.”