JDR Stars’ impressive start to the GladAfrica Championship might have taken many by surprise – but not owner coach Nditsheni Nemasisi. After three matches in Mzansi’s second-tier, the newbies find themselves in an unfamiliar position on the standings. The Hammer Boys, as Stars are affectionately known, are currently second on the log behind early pace setters Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila. Stars are unbeaten so far this season and appear to have settled in nicely to life in the Championship. They are one of the two teams that were promoted from the ABC Motsepe League last season, the other being Steenberg from the Western Cape. However, they don’t seem to be out of place with early signs suggesting they intend to challenge. According to Nemasisi, this has always been their plan and he has promised that a lot was yet to come from his charges. “We were confident even before the season started that we would give a lot of teams problems,” said Nemasisi. “Like I said before, we are not in this league to add numbers. We are here to compete and challenge. “I have seen a lot of hunger, talent and energy from my boys, which is something many teams lack in this division. “They are extremely talented and very driven. We are going to surprise a lot of people. “Our early results have not been a fluke. This is the standard that we have set for ourselves this season.” The Hammer Boys will be determined to pick-up from where they left off before the Fifa International break when they host Mbombela United at the Giant Stadium in Soshanguve tomorrow. Nemasisi said the break has allowed some of his key players to recover from injuries. Trio Sifiso Mzizi, Sipho Zwane and Sipho Zitho have all recovered and could be in contention to play against Tingwenyama. “We welcome some key players, which is good because we anticipate a tough battle against Mbombela. “They will want to deny us three points, but we are playing at home, so we have to go for it. I’m not sure if teams have started to respect us yet, but by the end of the season, they will,” added Nemasisi.