RATSHIBVUMO Mulovhedzi never thought while he was a lawn mower in his youth that he will become a successful football agent. Although, his football career never took off due to a niggling knee injury, Mulovhedzi is grateful that he met coach Gavin Hunt who offered him his first job as a kit manager for PSL side Black Leopards and also gave him his professional debut to pave his way to learn more about the game. The 36-year-old also had a stint with FC Fortune and Vasco da Gama where his career was cut short by that niggling knee injury. “I loved football since I was young. I played with older players for Makwarela Junior Scientist in Thohoyandou as a striker where I was also their lawn mower. I worked in the garden for Sibusiso Dlamini, Joel Masutha and Joe Shelembe’s houses and they noticed my talent since I scored a lot of goals for the club.” He added: “They gave me the contact of Gavin Hunt who was in charge of Leopards at the time. I spoke to him over the phone and he agreed that I should come for trials in Louis Trichardt. But because I was only 15-year-old, he gave me a job to become a ball boy and I also took care of players jerseys since the kit manager had just left the club. He paid me from his own pocket for three month before club boss David Thidiela started paying me. He took care of me like his own son.” When Mulovhedzi realised that the injury robbed him the chance to further his career, he thought about a survival plan in 2008 to put food on the table. “I moved to Joburg and stayed in a shack in Primrose, Germiston. Life was tough because there was no electricity, no roads or a mere gravel ground that I could practice. I met a guy called Freddy Marikhela who noticed that I was starving and he gave me bread with bananas regularly from his Spaza shop as he realised I was struggling without a job. Life was tough after soccer.” Mulovhedzi realised that he could make a lot of money by polishing rough diamonds and get them contracts with PSL teams. “The first player I managed was Rofhiwa Tshikovhi I got from Polokwane whom I secured a contract for with Santos development. I was given a mere R1 500 after I was promised R20 000. I used R1 000 for a return bus trip to Cape Town. I had only R500 left from the deal. I didn’t have negotiating experience. My main aim was to secure the player a job. I never gave up as I wanted to see more players from Limpopo getting exposure.” Mulovhedzi says he was inspired by Dr Irvin Khoza and his role model Floyd Mbele who also motivated him during the tough times. “I took Tshikovhi to join Platinum Stars in Rustenburg. Floyd gave me R75 000 for Tshikovhi and he never judged me even though I was filthy wearing running shoes with a hole in the soles. You don’t need qualifications to become a successful agent, as long as you have a good relationship with players and avoid wearing suits as that will intimidate them not to open up. I am grateful that today I am successful due to his advice and that of Dr Khoza.” Hunt says Mulovhedzi has a good eye to spot quality players. He went on: “He is enthusiastic and has a good eye for talent. He doesn’t have a good infrastructure like other agents, but he knows his job. I hope he becomes successful.” Mulovhedzi now manages 20 players including the likes of Justice Chabalala of Orlando Pirates, Luckyboy Mokoena (Highlands Park) and Joseph Mhlongo from Black Leopards.