A 51-year-old Vanderbijlpark man, who mistook his son for a
burglar and shot him dead, was found guilty of murder in the Vanderbijlpark
Regional Court on Friday. Coert Kruger was released on a warning and will serve no
jail time. The death of his son is punishment enough, said Magistrate Robert
Button. According to Vaal Weekblad, the shooting occurred on March
22 when Coert Jr, 30, broke into a house on Kruger's smallholding. The alarm
reportedly went off and Kruger went to investigate with a private security
company. It was reportedly clear that a break-in was in progress. Netwerk24 reports that the area had been plagued by break-ins
at the time. Kruger stood outside the house and reportedly saw a figure
moving on the roof. It was dark and a searchlight was used to try to locate the
intruder. Kruger then fired a shotgun in the general direction of the figure
and heard his son's voice, expressing pain. Realising what had happened, Kruger
reportedly contemplated suicide, the court heard. According to Vanderbijlpark police spokesperson Sergeant
Gertrude Makhale, Kruger was arrested before his son's corpse could be removed
from the roof. Netwerk24 reports that Coert Jr was a drug addict who had
been admitted for rehabilitation in December, but he absconded. Following the
shooting, stolen jewellery was found in his possession. After his sentencing, Kruger told Rapport: "All we have
now are memories and we must now begin to process his tragic death. Coert will
be with me as long as I'm alive." In April, An Ennerdale father, who claimed that he had shot
his son accidentally when he was startled by a knock on his car window, was
sentenced to 10 years in prison, which was suspended for five years. Sibusiso Emmanuel Tshabalala shot and killed his son
Luyanda, 16, at Fred Norman Secondary School in Ennerdale, southern
Johannesburg, on June 5, 2018. In 2004, criminal charges against former Springbok rugby
player Rudi "Vleis" Visagie, who killed his daughter, were officially
withdrawn from a court roll in Mpumalanga, News24 reported. Visagie shot and his killed his daughter in May that year as
she pulled out of the driveway of their property in Maggiesdal, Mbombela. He'd mistaken her for a car thief and was arrested and
charged with culpable homicide.  - Compiled by Riaan Grobler SOURCE: NEWS24