BLACK Leopards and Baroka will lock horns in an Absa Premiership Limpopo derby on Sunday at Thohoyandou Stadium (3pm). The clash between the two rivals is not about only fighting for three points, but bragging rights will also be at stake. However, Lidoda Duvha are coming to this match boasting after they beat Wedson Nyirenda’s team twice in their league clash last season. And Leopards, under their new head coach Lionel Soccoia, will be aiming to continue with that dominance over the Ga-Mphahlele based outfit. Leopards beat Baroka 1-0 in the league first round, followed by 2-1 win in the second round. And the good news for Soccoia, who succeeded Dylan Kerr four months ago, is that his side are coming to this clash from a 1-0 win against Maritzburg United three weeks ago, which was his first win of the season in four matches. To repeat their last season fine form against Baroka, Leopards will be looking on their star midfielder Lesedi Kapinga. The 24-year-old Musina born player started this season on a flying form netting two crucial goals in two consecutive league matches. The French-born mentor is also likely to start with last season PSL leading goalscorer Mwape Musonda after his dream move abroad failed. The Zambian international was linked with a move to China or Turkey. Baroka are coming to this encounter from a 2-0 defeat against SuperSport United in their last league game. Nyirenda, whose side have collected five points in their four opening league matches, will be plotting his first win against their rivals on his captain Mduduzi Mdantsane. Mdantsane is back from injury after missing two matches. The last time Mdantsane played for the Telkom Knockout champions was in their 1-0 win against Gavin Hunt’s Bidvest Wits last month. “This is not just a normal game, it’s a derby and it has many elements on it,” said Nyirenda. “We are playing for bragging rights, supremacy and a history between the two rivals. But we have been preparing well despite not having all the players as some went to represent their countries during the Fifa break. Leopards are a good team and we respect them. They beat us last season, but this time we have to do all we can to win. Our fans should expect a good game.”