The DA plans to introduce a private member's bill it believes will "strengthen the powers granted to courts and the SAPS to provide essential safeguards" to the most vulnerable amid the recent spate of femicide and rape. "The country needs urgent, clear and decisive action that goes further than jailing perpetrators and that addresses the root causes of the social and moral collapse," DA chief whip John Steenhuisen said at a press briefing on Tuesday. "We also need strong leadership both in the government as well as in the form of a Parliament that makes effective legislative decisions." DA MP on the portfolio committee on justice Werner Horn said: "We intend to introduce a private member's bill that will strengthen the powers granted to courts and the SAPS to provide essential safeguards and make sure that the rights of the society's most vulnerable are protected." He added the bill would address legislative gaps and shortfalls and contain "innovative measures" that have proved successful in other countries. The bill will contain the following nine key proposals: The bill would replace the Domestic Violence Act and the Protection from Harassment Act. Horn intends to have it introduced to Parliament by the end of the year. Besides the private member's bill, the DA has also written to President Cyril Ramaphosa for a "bipartisan meeting", and have asked him to establish a special task team to review the criminal justice system. The DA also wrote to Police Minister Bheki Cele to request that he send the Draft Criminal Law (Forensic Procedures) Bill to Parliament as a matter of urgency. This draft bill will allow for DNA samples to continue to be taken from offenders convicted in terms of Schedule 8 of the Criminal Procedure Act, which includes sexual offenders. Ramaphosa, meanwhile, has called a special joint sitting in Parliament on Wednesday aimed at tackling a way forward with regards to gender-based violence. His address and subsequent debate will begin at 14:00. https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/da-proposes-private-members-bill-to-curb-gender-based-violence-20190917