POLOKWANE City coach Zlatko Krmpotic is a sore loser! The 61-year-old, newly appointed Rise and Shine mentor threw tantrums after he watched his team’s dream of reaching their first ever domestic cup final go up in smoke against Highlands Park. The usually composed Krmpotic displayed sour grapes following his team’s dramatic 4-3 penalty shoot-out defeat at Makhulong Stadium on Tuesday. The defeat was a bitter pill to swallow for the man, who looked like he had just swallowed barbed wire. The Limpopo-based outfit were the bookmaker’s favourites to progress to the MTN8 Cup final on 5 October at a venue still to be decided by the cup committee. Their two-legged match ended in a goalless draw in Polokwane and Tembisa with penalties deciding which team will play in their maiden cup final. Krmpotic, who previously worked in Zambia and Congo before his move to Polokwane, pointed the finger at referee Victor Gomes for his team’s elimination in the semi-finals. “This referee cost us the game. I can count three crucial incidents that went against us in the first half. Firstly, he didn’t give us what I thought was a valid penalty in the first half. Secondly, he blew for every foul in favour of Highlands Park, but not for us. This is not normal,” Said a furious Krmpotic when asked that if it wasn’t for the referee, would his side have reached the final? Krmpotic felt that he would be talking a completely different story if it wasn’t for Gomes. Explained a fuming Krmpotic: “Yes, things would have turned out differently if he awarded a penalty in the early stages. I don’t want to talk about him anymore.” When the visibly annoyed Krmpotic also complained about fatigue and the jam packed scheduled in the PSL. He claims that Highlands, who had not played competitive football for a week, were the fresher of the two teams. They had a weekend off as their league opponents Bidvest Wits were away on Caf Confederation Cup duties. “We have three games in seven games and the players are tired. Highlands didn’t play last week, while Highlands were resting. I must make three or four changes every game to refresh the team. It’s a big problem games are coming in thick and fast and there is no time to rest.”