WITH the Fifa international break now out of the way, the Absa Premiership swings back into action this weekend. And Orlando Pirates, who arguably needed the break more than any other team given their rather slow start to the season, will hope to finally kick into gear. Bucs were widely expected to challenge for the Premiership title this season after coming close in the last two campaigns. However, the shock departure of former head coach Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic appeared to throw them off balance. His former assistant, Rhulani Mokwena, has received a baptism of fire in his first four matches in charge of the Pirates ship. They have been booted out of two competitions, the MTN 8 and the Caf Champions League under his watch and are currently struggling in the league. Mokwena, though, will have been hard at work with his troops during the break in an attempt to get them firing on all cylinders for the reminder of the season. The former Downs assistant coach will still be looking to endear himself to the Bucs faithful by delivering their first Premiership title in seven years. They resume their campaign with a clash against Chippa United at Orlando Stadium on Saturday (3pm). Their arch rivals on the other hand, Kaizer Chiefs, have had quite the opposite in terms of fortunes in the early stages of the season. They are currently perched atop the standings with 10 points from four matches and will be eager to pick up from where they left off before the break. Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp seems to have found the winning formula in the early stages as his charges are yet to taste defeat. They will be eager to keep their run going when they welcome Polokwane City at the FNB Stadium on the same day (6pm). Meanwhile, the break probably came at the right time for strugglers AmaZulu who are currently rooted to the foot of the table. Under fire Cavin Johnson will hope to have sorted out some of the issues that have seen his charges pick up just one point out of a possible 12. They face KwaZulu Natal rivals Golden Arrows in their next match at the Sugar Ray Xulu on Saturday (3pm). PSL newbies Stellenbosch FC will also hope to turn the corner when they visit the Dr Molemela Stadium for a date with Blemfontein Celtic on Sunday at 3pm. It will also be interesting to see what impact the break will have had on the players who were in the Bafana Bafana camp that had their planned friendlies against Zambia and then Madagascar called off due to the ongoing xenophobic protests. They received an extended break as they were forced to sit out the international break and will return to their teams either well rested or lacking much needed game time, depending on how you prefer to look at it.