MZANSI’S speedster Mapaseka “Mapasexy” Makhanya has had a tough year that resulted in her mysteriously disappearing from athletics events. In January, Makhanya lost her brother in a car accident – and five months later, she was also involved in a car crash. The former Gauteng Marathon champion couldn’t hold back the tears when asked about her disappearance. The usually bubbly athlete struggled throughout the interview as she relived the moments about her brother’s death. This has resulted in her being afraid to go behind the wheels. And when she finally did, someone bumped into her car from behind. She says the death of her younger brother threw her athletics season off balance. In 2018, Makhanya controversially missed the Soweto Marathon because of her nasty fight with her former running club, Massmart. The club refused to release her running licence and she missed out on the popular township race at the 11th hour. Makhanya only participated in the Spar Ladies 10km Challenge in Pretoria once this year, finishing in a dismal 35th place. She’s trying to pick up the pieces and focus on running. She’ll give the race another shot on 6 October in Jozi. Makhanya, who is now running in the colours of the MTN Running Club, is also getting ready for this years’s Soweto Marathon. Three years ago, she secured asecond-place position, finishing behindback-to-back winner, Ivertte van Zyl. Said Makhanya: “I’ve been silent because of personal reasons that have halted my progress for the entire year. I lost my little brother and that was a major setback. “His death hit me hard and I didn’t find any purpose to live, train or run, for that matter. My world was shattered. “I had a lot in my head and space. I couldn’t run, drive and was always reminded of how my brother died. “When other motorists hooted, it was just traumatising. Then, in June I was involved in a car accident,” she said. But Makhanya said her main focus now is her Soweto Marathon preparation and performance, which she wants to dedicate to her late brother. “It’s not easy, but I want to run again, just for him. I’m targeting a sub 2:40 in the marathon,” said Makhanya.