S pring is that time of the year for some cleaning up in most households. It’s that time when the décor, curtains and paint colour need a bit of change in preparation for the new season. To many people, this season signals things starting to bloom and bright colours become the order of the day. Over the years, spring cleaning has evolved – from decluttering your living space to sprucing up yourself and getting rid of old things and people who don’t align with your energies. To most people, it’s known as detoxing and it includes losing a bit of weight and starting afresh. Amanda Sithole said her mum used to make them change everything in the house around this time of the year. “At first, it was a struggle to get used to, but we ended up enjoying it and had fun. It made sense as in winter you only clean where the eyes can reach and now that it is warm then you can thoroughly clean the house. My mom has colours that work for her house and it was beautiful afterward. We went as far as changing our wardrobes and blankets. How I miss those days.” Fast forward to today, Amanda said these days things cost an arm and a leg. So, she tries to economise. She said now that she lives on her own she doesn’t pay attention to that because it is expensive for her to buy like paints, new tiles, and furniture. “Today, I live on my own, the house can’t be that dirty because I thoroughly clean twice a week and that is enough. I I only change the curtains as my winter set makes the house a bit dark. If there’s something that needs changing, I have to budget for it because for me existing is expensive and I do not have money for all the things that are required and make spring cleaning possible,” she said. Meanwhile, Malibongwe Cele said the best spring cleaning should start from within. “I regard spring as the new beginning. I’m looking forward to the new energy that comes with the season. It is rare for people to have a balanced diet during the winter season and that affects a lot of factors in our body and mind.  Meditation, detoxing and exercise should be a top priority to help you decluster your life.” Sizwe Mlangeni said spring cleaning is still a thing in his family and enjoys doing it. “Sometimes, keeping things clean and carry them well then you are certain that they will look brand new. There’s no need to change furniture and tiles. Just clean your house thoroughly. That’s necessary. If you have to change the look, then go to bargain or antique shops and buy unique stuff at a lesser price. Spring cleaning is all about keeping the house neat and fresh.”