AFTER failing to acquire uThongathi FC, Durban tycoon Shauwn Mpisane has now turned her attention to purchasing the status of GladAfrica Championship club, Real Kings. SunSport insiders revealed that Mpisane, who used to own Royal Eagles along with her estranged husband Sbu Mpisane, has approached Kings’ owners and talks to assume ownership of the team are at an advanced stage. Kings officials confirmed they were in talks with Mpisane. “I can tell you that there are new developments and that we’re talking to a potential buyer,” said club director Philani Majola. “But the club hasn’t been sold yet. Our chairman [Bongani Ngidi] will release a statement.” Shauwn is pulling out all the stops to have a club in the national first division. This after she gave away ownership of Royal Eagles. When SunSport tried calling Shauwn, she requested to be sent an SMS, but had not responded at the time of going to print. Shauwn and Sbu bought the status of then National First Division side Sivutsa Stars in 2014 to form Eagles. With the celebrity couple in the process of a divorce, Shauwn tried to keep the status of Eagles but was rejected by the Premier Soccer League (PSL) exco – which resulted in Sbu retaining ownership of the club. When Eagles were formed, it was registered under Sbu. The Mpisane family feud led to the PSL revealing the postponement of Eagles, Kings and uThongathi’s first two games of the season. Also before the 2019/20 season got underway, the league created more confusion. On its website, it wrote that Eagles were now called Royal AM. AM stand for Andile Mpisane, the couple’s son. Last season, Shauwn who was at the forefront of Royal Eagles operations, appointed Joel Masutha as head coach. But after Sbu won full control of the club, Masutha also left and followed Shauwn. Masutha is currently training a few players Shauwn transferred from Eagles last season to be under Royal AM. The former Black Leopards coach and those players are in Shauwn’s payroll. Shauwn was not available to comment.