SINCE 2011 AUDI has sold more than 13 700 units of their A1 hatchback. Having warmed its way into Mzansi people’s hearts with its dynamic design, the new hatch is ready to take over where its predecessor left off. The A1 Sportback has grown significantly in length with an additional 56 millimeters, it now measures 4.03 metres.  At the same time, the width has remained almost the same at 1.74 metres. The new-generation model is only 1.41 metres in height. The wide, low-placed Singleframe grille and the implied side air inlets dominate the distinctive front. Below the edge of the hood are three flat slits – an homage to the Sport quattro, the brand’s rally icon from 1984.  The roof contrast line, which is available in two dark colours (black and grey), ends above the C-pillar. This gives the impression that the roof is flatter and the complete car is even lower-slung.  All lines on the edges, from the window edge to the sill, slope upward toward the rear in a wedge shape. The distinctively highlighted wheels and the low shoulder line in between give the A1 Sportback a solid stance on the road. The Launch Edition model (known as Edition #1), based on the S line equipment line in Python Yellow paint colour and available from market launch, is particularly distinctive.  It impressively showcases the design language of the A1 with numerous contrasts. Large 18-inch Audi Sport alloy wheels and black contrasting roof and exterior mirror housings set powerful accents to create a sporty look.  The new A1 Sportback is much more spacious – making life much more comfortable for the driver, front passenger and rear passengers. Despite the compact exterior dimensions and the sporty roof line, adults in the rear seats still enjoy plenty of head and leg room. Luggage capacity has increased by 65 litres. Normal capacity is 335 litres; with the rear seats folded down, this increases to 1,090 litres. Loading sill height is a comfortably low 67 centimetres.  The new Audi A1 Sportback is fit for the digital future. Even the basic version comes standard with a fully digital instrument cluster with a high-resolution 8.8-inch display. The infotainment concept in the new A1 Sportback comes from the full-size class. The MMI radio plus comes as standard – it can be operated via the multifunction buttons on the steering wheel and the display in the fully digital instrument cluster.  In the top configuration, MMI navigation plus offers a 10.1-inch MMI touchscreen, which blends seamlessly into the black glass-look area. As with a smartphone, all commands are via touch input. The latest generation of voice control further improves the dialog between driver and car. The optional Audi smartphone interface ensures you are always well connected on board the new A1 Sportback. It integrates iOS and Android smartphones using Apple CarPlay and Android Auto into an environment in the MMI programmed specifically for them, and offers two USB interfaces (1x USB-A, 1x USB-C with increased charging current). Another option, the Audi phone box, thus ensures improved reception quality with LTE support and charges the smartphone inductively via wireless charging according to the Qi standard.  Music and acoustics aficionados will be pleased to find a Digital Audio Broadcasting tuner with the Audi sound system and the Bang & Olufsen Premium Sound System. The optional B&O system drives eleven speakers with an output of 560 watts. Its 3D effect uses the windshield as a reflecting surface. Customers looking to upgrade their technology on the vehicle, are easily able to specify the Technology Package, which contains the Audi Virtual Cockpit; Audi Smartphone Interface and Audi Sound System for R9,900.  Pricing The Audi A1 range is priced as follows, along with the standard Audi Freeway plan (5 year / 100 000 km) and inclusive of all taxes: Audi A1 30 TFSI S tronic at R 359,900 Audi A1 30 TFSI Advanced S tronic at R 373,900 Audi A1 30 TFSI S line S tronic at R 388,900 Audi A1 35 TFSI S tronic at R 429,900 Audi A1 35 TFSI Advanced S tronic at R 443,900 Audi A1 35 TFSI S line S tronic at R 458,900 Audi A1 40 TFSI S line S tronic at R 488,000 