DEOLIN Mekoa’s agent Gyln Binkin has denied reports that the winger has left Maritzburg United. In fact, Maritzburg proposed to terminate the contract of Mekoa just days before the transfer window got shut but both parties couldn’t agree on the settlement terms. It was also too late and Binkin added if the club saw that the player was not part of their coach Eric Tinkler’s plans they should have made their intentions clear earlier when the window was still open. News broke on Tuesday that Mekoa, along with Mohau Mokate, have left Maritzburg and he is heading to a club in Gauteng. “Its not true that Mekoa has left the club,”Binkin told SunSport. According to SunSport sources, Mekoa is still part of Maritzburg. It is just that he’s not part of the Tinkler’s plans this season. He added Binkin: “The club contacted us in the last day of the transfer window to indicate that the coach doesn’t see the player in his plans, but unfortunately it was too later, we couldn’t do anything. “So the player is still under contract with the club.” This has come as a surprise for Mekoa. The clubs has also denied that they have parted ways with the midfielder. MARITZBURG CLARIFY MEDIA SPECULATIONThe club would like to place on record that it has not terminated the contract of Deolin Mekoa.Various media reports on Tuesday claimed that Mekoa’s contract had been ended, however, the club would like to set the record straight on this.  “Contrary to media reports, Deolin Mekoa is still part of Maritzburg United and his contract has not been terminated,” said club chairman Farook Kadodia.Any confirmed and official team news will be released on our website and social media platforms.#WeAreUnited The Wentworth-born player in Durban was outstanding for the club in 2015-16 season when the Team of Choice survived the relegation zone in the last game of that season under Ernst Middendorp. He was then called up to be part of the national under-23s side that competed in the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. For his performances, Mekoa was linked to Mamelodi Sundowns, but Maritzburg said at that time he was not for sale along with former club’s striker Evan Rusike. The latter Zimbabwe striker was then sold in the second half of 2017-18 season to join Sundowns' rivals SuperSport United. That stance of Maritzburg saying Mekoa will not be sold worked against him. The 26-year-old former School of Excellence’s form deteriorated and he has never recapture that form of 2016. So far this season, Mekoa has only played two games, one as a start and another as substitute. “Everything happened for reason" "Mekoa is still young, good player. Maybe the coach doesn’t like him, but others may like him,” revealed Binkin. “But the timing of Maritzburg to do the deal wasn’t right, we couldn’t agree on the settlement. I wish the player can be given an opportunity to integrate into the team.” 