MZANSI has recently been dealing with cases of women who have been raped and killed. The crime stats released on Thursday show incidents of rape have increased in the last year by 3,9%. This while sexual assault increased by 9,6%, attempted sexual offences by 3,9% and contact sexual offences rose by 2,7%. It seems gender-based violence is at an all-time high. And this has resulted in the #SandtonShutdown drive that took place on Friday to highlight the need for action to stop the violence against women. Women who’ve been victims have options to try and protect themselves and have the perpetrators held accountable. This may seem obvious, but victims tend to fear police won’t take them seriously or that they’ll be blamed for what’s happened to them. But police are obligated to help women open a case and can’t refuse to do so without providing a valid reason. Should a victim be faced with a police officer who refuses to assist, they should request to speak to the station commander. If still unhappy, the police officer’s name, date and time of the incident should be noted and reported to the visible policing (Vispol) commander. The details of the police station’s Vispol commander can be found on the South African Police Service website. There’s a form to be completed. It requires all the victim’s personal information and the details of the abuser. The form also requires details on the incidents of abuse that have taken place in the past between the two parties. It also requires the details of other people who need to be protected and what the abused need the abuser to refrain from doing. The magistrate will, on the basis of the application form, grant an interim order. On it is a date on which the abuser and the abused are to appear in court. There, they’ll provide evidence for why the protection order should or shouldn’t be granted. An interim order has the same effect as the final order. If the abuser breaks the conditions in the order, they’ll be arrested. Once the interim order has been granted, the person who applied for it will be given a copy thereof and the warrant of arrest. These documents should be taken to a police station close to where the abuser lives. The police will have to make contact with the abuser, inform him an interim protection order has been granted and they are to appear in court on the stated date. The abuser is to be provided with a copy of the interim order. Once done, the interim order is in force. On the date, the magistrate will grant a final order, if the abuser doesn’t show up – and it can be shown the abuser was served the interim order. If the abuser does appear in court on the date, the magistrate could grant the interim order after hearing evidence brought before him and being satisfied domestic violence has or is taking place. Gender-based violence often leaves more than just physical scars.For more assistance as a survivor, these organisations can be approached: ) Saartjie Baartman Centre for Women and Children in Mannenburg, Cape Town – 021 633 5287. ) The Frida Hartley Shelter in Yeoville, Joburg – 011 648 6005. ) Rape Crisis Centre has a 24-hour helpline – 021 447 9762. ) Nisaa Institute for Women’s Development in Lenasia, south of Joburg – 011 854 5804/5. ) People Opposing Women Abuse has a number of branches – 011 642 4345.