Nearly 500 men and boys have been rescued from a 'house of torture'
Islamic boarding school where they were detained and raped by staff for years
in Kaduna, Nigeria.  Many were found chained up and the detainees, mostly children, said they
had been tortured, sexually abused, starved and prevented from leaving. Daily Mail reports that cops raided a building in the city on Thursday where the victims were
kept in 'the most debasing and inhuman conditions in the name of teaching them
the Koran and reforming them'. They were pictured with horrific scars on
their backs and wit their hands and feet in chains after their release.  Kaduna state's chief of police Ali Janga said it was a case of 'human
slavery' and they raided the house after an anonymous tip-off. He told the BBC it was a
'house of torture' with men and boys from Burkina Faso, Mali and other
African countries. Police said the detainees were from Burkina Faso, Mali and other
African countries.  Bello Hamza, 42, told The Nigerian
Tribune: 'I have spent three months here with chains on my legs.
I am supposed to be pursuing my Masters in University Pretoria South Africa. I
got admission to study Applied Mathematics, but here I am chained. 'They claim to be teaching us Quran and Islam, but they do a lot of
things here. They subject the younger ones to homosexuality. This is supposed to be an Islamic centre, but
trying to run away from here attracts severe punishment; they tie people and
hang them to the ceiling for that, but engaging in homosexuality attracts no
punishment.' He also said he has seen people die from the torture during his time
there. Police spokesman Yakubu Sabo said: 'We found around 100 students
including children as young as nine, in chains stuffed in a small room all in
the name of reforming them and making them responsible persons.' The school which has been operating for a
decade, enrolled students brought by their families to learn the Koran and be
rehabilitated from drug abuse and other illnesses.  The proprietor of the school and six staff were arrested during the
raid. Sabo said: 'The victims were abused. Some of them said they were
sodomised by their teachers.' Police had been tipped off by complaints from local residents who became
suspicious of what was happening inside the school. During the raid on the school, police said they found a 'torture
chamber' where students were chained, hung and beaten.