JOSTA Dladla believes former Cape Town City midfielder Gift Links has what it takes to succeed in the Danish Superliga. Links recently completed a ‘record transfer’ to Danish Cup champions Aarhus GF from the Citizens after just one season back in the Absa Premiership. He will be hoping to follow in Dladla’s footsteps as the former Kaizer Chiefs star spent three successful seasons at the same club. Dladla is confident that the 20-year-old will make his mark in Denmark given his talent and has advised him to stay abroad as long as possible. “It’s a great thing for South African football,” said Dladla. “The Danish Superliga is actually a nice league to play in. Aarhus is a nice team to play for. People are looking forward to seeing how he will play. It’s up to the attitude that he brings. "He will encounter a few hardships, but the important thing is for him not to give up. It’s a small city, you do the same thing over and over again and it can get a bit lonely and home sick. "The biggest mistake I made was coming back to South Africa when I did, I should have stayed abroad a little longer. He needs to learn to persevere when things are not going too well.” Continued Dladla: “He is not the biggest player in terms of physique, neither was I when i was there but I had pace, something he also has in abundance. He has to use his pace to trouble them. Those Scandinavian players are huge physically, but not the quickest. He must use that to his advantage." Dladla believes the way Links carries himself will pave the way for other youngsters who wish to follow in his footsteps. Added Dladla: “What happens is that in life, whatever that I did for Aarhus, will affect how they perceive and expect from other South African players that want to play there. If I was a problematic type of player, they wouldn’t respect any other South Africa player. They would be like ‘we had Josta and he was messed up, what’s going to be so different with this one?’ “So the way I carried myself somehow opened doors for many other player. The same will apply with Links, how he carries himself will open up doors for other players in the future.” 