ZECA Marques does not have a magic wand! Marques, who was axed as coach of resurrected GladAfrica Championship outfit, Swallows FC earlier this week said he was disappointed at the club axing him after only five games in charge. But he wished Swallows success in the future. Said Marques on Wednesday: “You can’t make omelettes without eggs.” The former Black Leopards mentor disclosed he had been given an ultimatum by club bosses earlier this month: “I was told that I had to collect four points from our next two games.”Swallows collected three points after beating Real Kings 3-2 and followed that last weekend with a 2-1 loss to Steenberg United, which was the final straw for the demanding Birds new bosses.Marques said the squad lacked quality and experience. He added that he had basically two weeks to prepare the squad for the season after businessman David Mogashoa bought Maccabi FC’s franchise. Marques said the expectancy was that the club would gain promotion to the Premier Soccer League after only one season back in the second tier of local football. Swallows were relegated from the PSL in 2015 and slipped all the way to the SAB League (the fourth tier) of local football in 2017. Said Marques: “The air of expectancy was high when Swallows bought Maccabi’s franchise. Swallows are still a big brand and there was a lot of pressure especially on the players who lacked experience and quality at this level. There are a lot of top teams in the league and competition is stiff. Swallows had no experienced players so we relied on Maccabi players at the start of the season and managed to bring in seven new players. It was a process of rebuilding. But Marques said the biggest worry was in the goalkeeping department: “Goalkeeping mistakes cost us dearly. “I knew the challenges and knew it would take time to rebuild the squad. I don’t have a magic wand to wave around.” He also said he had little time to prepare for the new season: “Technically I had two weeks to get ready for the new season using the Maccabi players and trying to bring in new players to strengthen the squad.“I reckon it will take Swallows another two years before they challenge for promotion. It won’t happen in one season.”