American actress, model, comedian, director, and television host Tracee Ellis Ross is joining a list of celebs releasing beauty products. The daughter of actress and Motown recording artist Diana Ross and her ex-husband Robert Ellis Silberstein announced the news on her Instagram page with a lengthy post, stating that her new line,Pattern, is meant to “empower and nourish curly, coily and tight textured hair – 3b to 4c”. “The paradigm how hair products are determined for their effectiveness is based on white straight hair,” says Black-ish star.She adds that she and her panel tried 74 samples before a seven product range was finalised. “I wrote my first brand pitch in 2008, right when girlfriends finished – and two years of working with chemists,” says Tracee.The line is set to launch on 18 September 2019. Thrilled to introduce PATTERN // my new hair care brand specifically for curly, coily, and tight textured hair.?? ?? @patternbeauty is the result of 20 years of dreaming, 10 years in the making (I wrote my first brand pitch in 2008, right when girlfriends finished ) and 2 years of working with chemists. I’m so excited to share this with y’all. ?? ?? @patternbeauty is here to empower and nourish curly, coily and tight-textured hair. 3b to 4c. The formulas are unique and packed with luscious & safe ingredients-trust me I know, because my panel and I tried 74 different samples to get these 7 formulas for phase one.?? ?? @patternbeauty is for those of us who need more than a quarter size of product. large conditioner sizes that actually fulfill the unmet needs of our community. accessible pricing because everyone should have access to their most beautiful hair in their own shower, and gorgeous packaging that conjures the legacy of our history and makes us all feel like the royalty that we are. ?? ?? I’m excited for PATTERN to join the natural hair movement, and to celebrate our hair for what it is: beautiful! The line will be available on patternbeauty.com this Monday, September 9 at 9am ET!!!! #RockYourPattern A post shared by  Tracee Ellis Ross (@traceeellisross) on Sep 3, 2019 at 6:02am PDT 