Taking care of natural hair can be a bit of work but when you know what to do, when and for what occasion, it becomes a lot better. I have compiled 10 easy to do hairstyle for women with Natural Africa hair. 1. The Afro Bun - if your hair isn't long enough or you want more volume, you can add this Beautiful Kinky Curly African Fluffy Artificial Afro Puff Bun  2. The Afro pony tail - This has been in trend this year it definitely is an easy one too as you just tie your pony and attach it.  3. The half done bun - Hello Tuesdays ???? @se.lwa looking amazing ???? #ChoosingHairpiness A post shared by  Indalo Nubian Naturals (@indalonubiannaturals) on Sep 9, 2019 at 9:45pm PDT  4- The 2 line plat with fro Ponies ?? GIVEAWAY. ?? Do you remember this look? Remember I told you guys I used @maccosmeticsafrica to achieve the blushy moody face? You can try it with your own makeup that I’ll be giving to you and your bestie. ????????????. This is how the giveaways works: I’ll be choosing two lucky besties to win a MAC hamper with tickets to Beauty Revolution this weekend! All you have to do is: 1. Like this picture. 2. Follow me & @maccosmeticsafrica 3. Tag 3 friends Must live in Johannesburg. Event is at the Sandton Convention Centre. Competition ends Thursday 4 April at Midnight. GOODLUCK! A post shared by  Sinovuyo (@sinovuyomondliwa) on Apr 3, 2019 at 5:27am PDT  HAIRSTYLE INFORMATION: Really enjoyed this hairstyle done by @ruutos. I did 2 thick conrnrows and they crocheted the back so no pulling. I did not treat my hair in the salon on the day. I co-washed my hair at home and they put heat protector and blow dried it before putting anti breakage mist and hair butter before styling. I only used plain water to maintain the hairstyle for 8 days and I took it out today. It was not ugly when I took it out but I don’t like keeping hairstyles for long. It will set you back by about R700.00 A post shared by  Sinovuyo (@sinovuyomondliwa) on Nov 1, 2018 at 5:16am PDT  5. The tie halfway What's your hair porosity level? ??My latest video has all the deets about High, Low & Normal porosity plus how to test your hair porosity level. ?? #linkinbio?? A post shared by  Yolenda Jawe (@yolzchannel) on Oct 8, 2018 at 5:57am PDT 6. The bantu knots ?? A post shared by  Yolenda Jawe (@yolzchannel) on Jul 19, 2017 at 11:45pm PDT  7. The buble pony  8. The double bun 9. Just open a line- Centre or side... it works Officially obessed with brow tinting! My brows look fuller for weeks and I only need a touch up with a brow pencil if necessary. I used the @myjulienne_ brow tint kit to dye my brows dark brown & I filmed how I do it in my latest youtube vid! Do check it out if you haven’t already! #linkinbio?? #browknowhow #myjulienne #ad A post shared by  Yolenda Jawe (@yolzchannel) on Aug 27, 2019 at 8:27am PDT  STAY in your lane = SLAY in your lane. A post shared by  Yolenda Jawe (@yolzchannel) on Jan 31, 2019 at 7:07am PST 10. The high bun 