TEARS flowed uncontrollably at the Abbotsford Christian Centre  in East London during a moving funeral for Uyinene Mrwetyana. The 19 year-old's brutal death at a Post Office  by an employee brought Mzansi to a standstill this week. The UCT student's name will forever linger as her university will open a scholarship named after her.Her mum Nomangwane,who is the head of Student Affairs at Rhodes University,will also form a foundation to help gender based violence victims. The five hour long service was attended by hundreds alongside politicians, church leaders and traditional leaders. Higher Education Deputy Minister Buti Manamela said: " when Uyinene died at the hands of a coward rapist murderer, to newspapers and statisticians, she was but a number; but for us, they lost a friend, a sister, a daughter and a fellow student." He sais he wished that he could have been the speaker at Uyinene’s graduation. UCT vice chancellor Professor Mamokgethi Phakeng said she had lost one of her children."It's been a tough two weeks. "But it was more painful to hear that she was no more and she has died in the hands of a stranger. Throughout this week we at UCT gathered to mourn and commemorate the beautiful promising young life cut short. Uyinene has been robbed and we also robbed. It is very difficult to lose a child in this way. " In an emotional letter from her mun read our by a relative her mum said :"I'm sorry that I warned you about all other places but not the post office. I'm sorry I was not there to fight for you my girl... I love you my girl."Her mum broke down a number of times during her service.Esona,Uyinene's older brother was also very emotional also saying he was sorry he could not protect his little sister. Police Minister Bheki Cele spoke about how his own daughter told him she wanted an okapi knife as she was scared. He said cops must stop to ask women what they were wearing during the incident."Police you are not fashion designers," he said. Uyinene was laid to rest in Centane about an hour and a half from East London.