HE might appear as Orlando Pirates weakest link in defence, but caretaker coach Rhulani Mokwena has defended their new goalkeeper Joris Delle. Pirates on Saturday conceded two quick goals in the sixth and ninth minutes of their Absa Premiership encounter at Orlando Stadium which ended in a 3-3 draw against Cape Town City, and their supporters started signalling for his substitution. Mokwena admitted that the Frenchman is still struggling to adapt to the PSL and fans must be patient with him. “Football is not about an individual,” Mokwena said. “It is about your organisational form. He’s (Delle) trying his best. As the technical team we must do better to help prepare him quickly. “You will never see me throw a player under the bus.” Delle joined Pirates in June after his contract was not renewed by Netherlands Eredivisie side Feyenoord. He made his Pirates debut on 14 September when they recorded their second victory of the season with a 2-1 win against Chippa United at Orlando Stadium. In his three games in goal against Chippa, Bidvest Wits and Cape Town City, the 29-year-old has conceded a massive eight goals, collectively. And that does not sit well with the most demanding Pirates fans. Mokwena has equally been struggling to impress since he took charge winning one in seven matches. Mokwena is convincing himself that there is no pressure, even though every Tom Dick and Harry can see there is trouble in paradise. “I can talk as much as I want, but at the end of the day coaches are judged by results,” he charged. “We have to improve. Results are the most important thing. We’ve got to find the right balance, even though it’s not easy. Look at Barcelona, they are struggling, they lost last week to Granada. Real Madrid are also struggling and there’s question marks about their coach Zinedine (Zidane), so who are we? “Even in that space there are big high profile teams struggling. We know what we have to work on and we will do that to improve. As a team we know we have to stabilise the team and try to get results.”