METROBUS is going on a big strike! And Gauteng commuters will have to make plan B. The Democratic Municipal and Allied Workers Union of South
Africa (Demawusa) announced that Metrobus services could be disrupted as their
members would be striking today (Monday). About 300 workers affiliated with Demawusa are expected to
down their tools. Bus drivers will be joined by cleaners and administrative
staff as they seek to voice out their grievances. Demawusa spokesman Dion Makhura told Daily Sun the workers
demanded to be paid according to their experience. “Our members are demanding the employer pay salary
progression based on the number of years an employee has worked,” he said. Makhura said the Metrobus management was dragging its feet
to resolve the strike. He further warned that the protest action could affect the
bus operation until the end of the week. Demawusa, which is an affiliate of trade union federation
Saftu, also wanted its offices to be allocated in all three depots functioning
around Joburg. Speaking to Daily Sun yesterday (Sun) the United Taxi
Associations Front (UTAF) spokesman Sipho Nkwanyana said: “We are always ready
to deal with any influx since most of the people affected are not regular taxi
commuters. “We will grab this opportunity and ensure commuters arrive
at their various destinations without any delays.” Metrobus could not be reached for comment at the time of
going to print as their phones rang unanswered. But the bus service released a statement on their social
media accounts saying they received a notice of the strike. “Metrobus has received a notice for a possible strike,
proposed for 16 September. Management is trying to find ways to avert the
strike, further information will be communicated,” read the tweet. The People’s Paper spoke to regular Metrobus users who
vented out their frustrations. Simon Thibedi (36) said: “This is the only source of
transport I use because it gets me to work early and I now have to deal with
long queues.” Sanele Makhubo said: “They don’t think for their commuters,
maybe it’s time they got competition so that they can take us seriously.” 