RICHARD Mdluli is ready to face the Zondo Commission because claims he has done nothing wrong. “I can go tomorrow,” the former crime intelligence boss told the SABC outside the South Gauteng High Court where he appeared for sentencing in his kidnapping and intimidation case. He has been implicated in the looting of State Security Agency funds. READ: TAXI BOSS KILLED LIKE HER HUSBAND! Mdluli said he explained his involvement to parliament and other structures that dealt with crime intelligence matters. He said he was not prepared to comment in public on maters that affected the country. Meanwhile, Hawks’ Colonel Kobus Roelofse continued with his testimony yesterday. He said the NPA tried to stop his investigation into fraud and corruption allegations against Mdluli. He said former specialised commercial crime unit head Lawrence Mrwebi deliberately dropped the 2012 charges against Mdluli and former procurement head Colonel Hein Barnard. Roelofse said Mrwebi instructed him to stop the investigation because there was no evidence against the two. “It just didn’t make sense to me. It was a deliberate attempt to discontinue the investigation.” He said this was in spite of investigating officers testifying that there was a prima facie case against Mdluli and Barnard. READ: PICS: BABSIE IS HOME AFTER YEARS IN THAI JAIL Mdluli was put on suspension pending the outcome of the matter. Roelofse said the NPA thought the matter wouldn’t be investigated further by police. He said even though it was difficult to go to court if the NPA was not going to look at the docket, he carried on. When Mdluli came back from suspension, he allegedly transferred more than 20 crime intelligence members he suspected were helping Roelofse with the investigation to positions where they couldn’t help. Roelofse said Mdluli accused him of unethical behaviour and having dubious intentions for trying to dig into his misconduct. He said he tried between 2012 and 2015 to have the documents declassified, but did not get any response.