PORTIA Modise’s gripe with Banyana Banyana has jumped to another level where the SA women’s football all-time goal-scorer is now acting as an advisor to opposition teams. According to Modise, better known as Bashin, who has an axe to grind that she was not roped into the SA Football Association (Safa) women’s structures, tore into Desiree Ellis side after their shock 3-2 penalty loss to Botswana at Orlando Stadium on Tuesday. Her startling claims that she was the mastermind behind Botswana’s famous victory over Banyana, is something that will not go down well with Safa. Banyana played to a tedious 0-0 draw over two-legs with the Zebras until the spot kicks decided who goes to the next round of the Olympic Games qualifiers. Botswana frustrated Banyana over two-legs until they completed the job on penalties with skipper Refiloe Jane missing the decisive spot kick. Now the 36-year-old Modise’s astonishing claims that she was the one who orchestrated the plot and Banyana’s downfall from the sidelines was shocking. “When I was in Paris during the Fifa Women’s World Cup finals in June/July, I met with Botswana FA president (Maclean Letshwiti) and advised them not to go to Cosafa, but rather go somewhere to prepare their team for the game against Banyana,” she explained in Soweto on Tuesday. “They listened to me and never went to Cosafa and instead went to Mauritius, and now they are laughing all the way to the next round and Banyana are out.” While she accused Safa of not using her expertise, Modise has publictly pledged her loyalty to Botswana. She advises that if Safa continues to deploy wrong people in the team, Banyana are going nowhere fast. She advised Botswana to give the Cosafa Women’s Challenge in Port Elizabeth a miss and go for a training camp in Slovakia, and they listened. Modise said that her generation of Banyana team would have given Botswana a 5-0 hiding. Modise further accused Banyana of prioritising the Cosafa Cup instead of focusing on the bigger picture – theOlympics. She said: “How many times have we won Cosafa playing against useless Southern African teams? They are not in our standard. Banyana didn’t have a structure and direction against Botswana.” Modise said Banyana wasted all their good preparations of going to the World Cup and African Women’s Championships for nothing. She went on: “Botswana players can’t even trap the ball. If I was on the pitch, I would have scored five goals alone. I’m coming back here with Botswana to trap Banyana next time.” She further blasted Banyana for their failure to qualify for the Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan in 2020 labelling Ellis’ team useless.