Former Orlando Pirates striker Lyle Foster is determined to make use of the advice he has received from some of the best players in the world. Foster has had the opportunity to play alongside stars such as former Chelsea duo Cesc Fabregas and Radamel Falcao and was coached by former Arsenal legend Thierry Henry. The 19-year-old marksman is currently in camp with SA national Under-23 team ahead of their two-legged tie with Zimbabwe as they look to qualify for the U-23 Cup of Nations and ultimately the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. “I have learned to win. When you are surrounded by winners then all you want to do is win,” said Foster when asked what he has learnt during his time abroad. “Cesc (Fabregas) for example speaks to me quite often, he is like an older brother to me. He has given me a lot of advice and told me how he has been through it all. “It is just so amazing how he can humble himself, like he’s Cesc Fabregas, he’s done it all, he’s won the World Cup but he can speak to a nobody like myself and tell me to be patient and understand that this is a process and my chance will come. He told me to continue working, he’s just a great person and great footballer as well." Foster, who completed a loan move from his French Ligue 1 club Monaco to Cercle Brugge in Belgium, has already made his debut for the side. He said the reason behind his move to Belgium was to get regular game time after the arrival of big guns such as Wissam Ben Yedder, Arien Silva and Islam Slimani saw him drop down the pecking order. Added Foster: “Monaco is a big club that needs results which is why they brought in the big guns, for me at this point the more important thing is to play regular first team football. When I feel I’m ready and I have gained enough experience and the club feel the same, I’m sure I will get another chance to prove my worth. “I would like to thank my club for allowing me to go and get game time. I moved to Belgium because I believe it’s the right place for me to grow, I wanted to play regular senior football this season. I’ve set targets and goals for myself and hopefully I can help the team do well this season and also do well for myself before going back to Monaco next season.” 