Former Independent Police Investigative Directorate (IPID)
head Robert McBride's hat is in the ring to become the next Deputy Public
Protector.  McBride intends taking a report by Public Protector Busisiwe
Mkwhebane on review, he stated earlier this week.  On Thursday, spokesperson of the portfolio committee on
justice and correctional services Bulelani Magwanishe announced the candidates
in a statement and called on the public to comment on them.  The committee received the names of 28 applicants of
nominees, among them that of McBride.  In February, the previous Parliament's portfolio committee
on police decided, controversially, that McBride's contract should not be
renewed as head of IPID. This after Police Minister Bheki Cele did not
reappoint McBride.  McBride's CV states that he has worked as a project manager
at the department of public service since.  This week, he was back in the news as he described
Mkhwebane's recent report into allegations of maladministration against him as
an "erosion of IPID's independence" and would probably interrupt
IPID's investigations into the alleged corruption and looting within the police
as the report implicates most of IPID's executive members.  Former IPID investigator Cedrick Nkabinde lodged the
complaint against McBride with Mkhwebane's office in June 2018. It details
alleged irregular appointments, maladministration and protected disclosure
regarding alleged unethical conduct by McBride.  ANC MPs leaned heavily on Nkabinde's allegations when they
decided not to renew McBride's contract in February.  McBride said he would also take the "highly
questionable" report on review and said his legal team is looking at it
with the eye on approaching the high court to interdict Mkwhebane's remedial
actions.  The CVs of McBride and the other candidates, many of them
advocates, can be viewed here.  The term of the incumbent Deputy Public Protector, Kevin
Malunga, comes to an end in December. Hence, the portfolio committee on justice
and correctional services recently embarked on a process to fill the post.  "Members of the public and organisations may comment on
the suitability of candidates by no later than 16 October 2019 at 16:00. The
shortlisted candidates will be subjected to a screening process,"
Magwanishe said.  Comments must reach Mr Vhonani Ramaano, Committee Secretary,
3rd Floor, 90 Plein Street, Cape Town, 8000 / PO Box 15, Cape Town, 8001
Enquiries: Mr V Ramaano, tel: (021) 403-3820, cell: 083 709 8427, email:
Dppvacancy@parliament.gov.za.  The candidates are:  Adv Hendry Pietersen  Mr Sammy Tlhapi  Mr Graehymme Jesus Williams  Mr Phumzile Hubert Songo  Mr Douglas Dumisani Soci  Mr Victor Mavhidula  Ms Hilda Harriet Seapei Mekwa  Mr Daniel Aubrey Dibetso-Prince  Mr Moshoeshoe Jeffrey Toba  Mr Johannes Collen Weapond  Adv Kholeka Gcaleka  Ms Olwethu Majola-Kinyunyu  Mr Buang Jones  Mr Robert John McBride  Advocate Indhera Goberdhan  Adv. Zarina Kellerman  Adv. Sonwabile Mancotywa  Adv. Shadrack Nkuna  Adv Noxolo Mbangeni  Adv Loyiso Mpumlwana  Adv Dinkie Portia Dube  Adv Leanne Govindsamy  Mr Nkopane Josias Motshele  Adv. Shadrack Tebeile  Ms Nobukhosi Thuli Mbatha  Adv Fezeka Magano  Adv Lwazi Pumelela Kubukeli  Adv Puleng Matshelo  The Deputy Public Protector must be a South African citizen
and be a fit and proper person for the post.  He or she must also fulfil one of the following:  Be admitted as an advocate or an attorney and have, for a
cumulative period of at least 10 years after having been so admitted, practised
as an advocate or an attorney; Be qualified to be admitted as an advocate or an attorney
and have, for a cumulative period of at least 10 years after having so
qualified, lectured in law at a university; Have specialised knowledge of or experience, for a
cumulative period of at least 10 years, in the administration of justice,
public administration or public finance; Have, for a cumulative period of at least 10 years, been an
MP; Have acquired any combination of experience mentioned above,
for a cumulative period of at least 10 years.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/robert-mcbride-a-candidate-for-deputy-public-protector-20190926