INTERNATIONAL Boxing Organisation (IBO) mini flyweight champion Simphiwe “Chain Reaction” Khonco wants to follow in the footsteps of local boxing legends Dingaan Thobela and Thulani Malinga by winning the lucrative World Boxing Council title. Khonco is set to challenge for the WBC world mini flyweight title held by undefeated champion Wanheng Menayothin on 25 October in Thailand. The pint-sized pugilist has been waiting patiently for a shot at the much-sought after belt. An elated Eastern Cape fighter could not hide his excitement. “This is a dream come true for me. I have been praying all these years for this golden opportunity. Winning a WBC world title is every boxer’s dream and I will do everything to bring home the green and gold belt,” said Khonco. “I want to be a third South African boxer to win that title after Thobela and Malinga. I know it won’t be an easy fight but I’m equal to the challenge. This means a lot to me, my family and the country as whole. Not taking anything from the champion, he is a great fighter and tough opponent who deserves to be a champion, but I think his reigns must come to an end,” said Khonco. Menayothin, who is ranked as a world best mini flyweight, has been a WBC world champion for the past four years. He has defended his crown on twelve occasions and surpassed Floyd Mayweather Jr’s 50-0 record. The Thai fighter, who has never fought outside his country since he turned professional 12 years ago, has pencilled an impressive record of 53-0. Meanwhile, the local challenger has registered 19 wins and five losses. This is Khonco’s second shot at a world title after losing a close fight to Hekkie Budler in 2015. He was challenging for the World Boxing Association (WBA) strawweight belt at the time. Despite fighting for the first time beyond SA boarders, the only worry for determined Khonco is climate conditions. According to the former WBA Pan African champion, there are plans in place for that. “I understand that it’s very hot in Thailand and most of the fights are held outdoor, so I train with solar so that I don’t struggle in the fight. As for fans being against thousands of home crown, that doesn’t bother me because it would be me and him in the ring,” he said.