 INNOCENTIA said goodbye to Mzansi on Sunday at the Idol SA live show!She was eliminated leaving nine other contestants in the run for the number one spot.Talking to Daily Sun she said she was feeling emotional but was happy to have come that far.“I’m so grateful for the experience. It’s not every day that a person with my condition [albinism] can go that far in such a competition.”She said one of her future plans is to continue with her music career.“I am going to inspire young people with albinism. My job is to be an activist for people who are like me,” she said.The show started with DJ Tira and Juicy performing Thank you Mr DJ.As part of Old Mutual’s AMPD Masterclass, the contestants were performing songs from DJ Tita’s playlist.Sneziey Msomi gave an energetic performance.Somizi said she murdered it.“You are chilled and when you have to be feisty you do. You give us different things. It’s kwaito, gospel and I can’t wait to see you at show stopper,” he said.Randell said people are going to be happy to work with her voice.Dinky  performed No Rush (Remix) by Dj Tira.Randell said there was no fault he could point out on her performance.“You were 95 percent there and 5 percent is the key to win and I saw someone who has that, so you have to make sure to get a 100%” he said.Nqobile Gumede gave a rendition of Malokazi by Mduduzi Afro. Unathi said she looked and performed beautifully.“I like that you’ve lifted your head up and don’t go with what we say. I was worried about you but I am not anymore,” she said.Somizi said her God doesn’t eat Kota.“You are very talented. You did very well,” he said.Randell said she made the song the most important thing. “Because it was such a lovely song I think the public will vote for you,” he said.  Nolo made the audience go crazy with AKA’s Jika.Somizi said he keeps unveiling his talent.“You got me excited because next week I am getting married,” he said.Randell said it was not just about the song. “Singers often struggle to get their personality across but not you,” he said.Mangaliso sang A Couple of Forevers by Chrisette Michele.Unathi said she is very versatile.“You respect each genre. You will do very well and I couldn’t keep my eyes off you.Somizi said he felt like he was at his wedding reception.“You are just your name. You were chilled. You are one of the reasons I believe that we’ve had talented vocalists because of people like you,” he said. 