 Her father died in the line of duty, but murdered Warrant
Officer Hilton Joseph's daughter still intends to follow in his footsteps by
joining the police. Hillary Joseph, 19, smiled shyly as Police Minister Bheki
Cele addressed her as "constable" at her father's memorial service on
Thursday. Joseph was killed while on duty last Sunday. He and his
colleague, Constable Terrence Mostert, were on patrol at about 22:00 when
someone they had confronted in Diepwater, Wesbank, shot them. The 52-year-old policeman was shot in the head and died in
hospital, while his partner was wounded in the neck and survived. Joseph's wife, Maria, wept inconsolably as police officers
paid their respects to the career policeman at the Enon Tabernacle Baptist
Church in Kleinvlei. Described as a joker who always had a quip or two for his
colleagues, the service was peppered with laughter as his fellow officers
shared memories of Joseph's nicknames, random comments and his love for his
police boots in which he even played rugby. "He wasn't a boring person. He was a memorable person.
Let's celebrate the life of a hero who died in the line of duty," fellow
officer November Filander told mourners. Constable Mishkaah Cassiem spoke highly of her former field
training officer and first commander who was known for his punctuality by
always showing up to two hours early for work. "He was like a father to me," she said. "Whenever
you were with him, you knew you were protected. He never did anything wrong.
Whether you were a criminal or a member of the SAPS, he showed you respect. "Here's to a legend, a father [to Hilary and Keanu] and
a colleague. We'll never forget him." Former brigadier Leroy Nolan said many sterling police
officers had been taught the ropes by "Jowa". From left: Hilary Joseph, Keanu Joseph and Maria J From left: Hilary, Keanu and Maria Joseph with Police
Minister Bheki Cele. (Tammy Petersen) He urged Cele to posthumously promote Joseph who had been a
warrant officer for 20 years. The police minister joked that while he, a general, did not
take instructions from a brigadier, he agreed that Joseph should be made a
captain. "He died with his boots on, and his coffin will
therefore be under the flag of the Republic of South Africa." Cele said he found Section 49 of the Criminal Procedure Act
- which provides guidelines on why and how force, and deadly force, may be used
to carry out an arrest - restrictive. "It puts the onus on the officer to think on his feet
when the situation demands action." Cele said he wanted to see "some flexibility" and
for his members to be "given the space to act" rather than be forced
to delay their reaction and possibly lose their lives in the process. Joseph will receive an official state funeral, which is
expected to take place on Saturday. SOURCE: NEWS24