BAROKA star winger Tshediso Patjie says through hard work, he can be the best player in the PSL. The 28-year-old has been in great form so far this season, as he also helped Baroka beat provincial rivals Black Leopards 2-0 in the Limpopo league derby in Thohoyandou at the weekend. Patjie has vowed that he will double his effort to help Baroka win their second trophy in the top flight, and he hopes that will help him get more recognition. Baroka made history last season when they became the first team in Limpopo to win a major trophy in the PSL when they lifted the Telkom Knockout. They are currently sixth on the table, with eight points from five games. They are two points behind leaders Kaizer Chiefs, who are tied with their Limpopo rivals Polokwane City. “I want to give my best this season,” said Patjie, who has already scored two goals in five league matches for Bakgaga. “I want to help Baroka win another trophy and see myself getting an award. I have confidence this time after I had a chat with coach Wedson Nyirenda, and the team also believes in my ability. They also gave me some words of encouragement and I want to repay them.” Patjie aims to overtake current top goalscorer Bradley Grobler, who scored five goals in an attempt to walk away with the PSL top scorer award. Grobler has scored five goals from the same number of games for Matsatsantsa a Pitori. He hopes to increase his tally when Baroka host Highlands Park at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Sunday (3pm). “It’s still early in the season and I believe any player can end the season as leading goalscorer,” he explained. “Leopards striker Mwape Musonda did that last season and I can do it too. Grobler is doing well, but I believe I can catch him, looking at the squad we have.” Patjie has warned those who take Baroka lightly and labelled them small team to be wary. “We are a big team and that’s why we won the Telkom Knockout last season,” said Patjie, who joined Baroka in 2015 from GladAfrica Championship side Mbombela United. “We have grown from last season and we want to prove to those people who look down on us as a small team. Those days of Baroka fighting for relegation are history.”