FAST-RISING South African star Azinga “Golden Boy” Fuzile’s camp believes his opponent Shavkatdzhon Rakhimov will bring out the best in him when they clash at the Orient Theatre on 29 September. The unbeaten prospects will lock horns in an IBF junior lightweight world title elimination contest. This is an important assignment for both youngsters as the triumphant boxer will get a shot at Tevin Farmer’s IBF world title. Fuzile’s trainer Colin “Nomakanjani” Nathan said he is anticipating a tough contest and also believes the Russian fighter will push his charge to a new level. “People have not seen the best of Azinga, I think Rakhimov will push him to that level. This is not any fight it’s an elimination bout where the winner will challenge for the world title. This is a great opportunity for both fighters. We are expecting a hard fought victory,” said Nathan. “Our preparations have been going well and we had a good training camp with great sparring sessions,” he added. The pair have yet to taste defeat after 14 battles and the local boxing hero has promised to keep his undefeated record intact. However, Fuzile, like his mentor is looking beyond this elimination bout. “I’m very happy to be able to fight for this eliminator on home soil more especially in East London. My aim is to get passed Rakhimov and challenge for the world title, so losing is not an option for me,” said Fuzile. “Don’t get me wrong I’m not underestimating his ability but I have to win this contest. I’m not ready to lose my undefeated record. “Fighting on my home turf motivates me to work twice as hard to produce a positive result. No one wants to suffer a defeat in front of his home crowd and the people who believe in you,” he said. Despite his opponent’s worthy ring record, Fuzile has assured his boxing fans of victory. Rakhimov is a tough opponent who knocked out two South African fighters Malcolm Klassen and Rofhiwa Maemu and successfully defended his IBO world junior lightweight crown in his own backyard.