LEGENDARY kwaito star Eugene Mthethwa has been serving under many boards in the creative industry. But politics have left him with no choice but to call it a day. The Trompies group member said he was leaving all the organisations to venture into music business. The musician said he wanted to find something that’ll bring him peace. The star said he cared about the future of Mzansi’s talent and wanted to help them reach for their dreams without feeling robbed. He said he was starting his own organisation called Living Legacy to provide professional services. Eugene told the People’s Paper the organisation would provide clients with comprehensive artist management, legal services and financial advice and investment services. He said this will be through structured partnerships with registered financial service providers, underwriters, consultancy firms, support services, image consultancy and personal management structures. They’ll also provide logistics and emotional well-being support services to musicians. “This is due to the registered failures where government support has been misused with nothing to show or direct impact to the lives of artists, actors, TV and radio presenters and emerging small-sector businesses.” He told SunTeam he realised many artists die penniless and are not given enough support while still alive. “Having served in various structures, including the South African Music Industry Council, Cultural and Creative Industry Federation of South Africa, the Music Industry Annual Conference, – an annual trade show held in France, Downtown Music Hub – a government supported facility with state-of-the-art studios, offices and training. “I’m confident we can bring change to this world.” According to Eugene, he served as a mediator between artists, producers and record companies over the non-payment of royalties. The musician said in the case of Kgotso Makgalemela, Zaza, Oupa Montsiwagae against Spirit Music that boasts of big names in the gospel music genre. He said that he realised the need to mediate in matters relating to IMPRA, SAMPRA, SAMRO amongst others that collect copyright and performers rights royalties. “I saw the need for capacity building as some of the gaps have been identified that continue to flush important efforts and initiatives down the drain. “It’s for these and other reasons that I felt a need to establish an entity that’s not controlled by many board members who sleep at work while earning board fees and not discharging there.” The star said these are just few of artist’s frustrations that have necessitated this move. He told SunTeam that this is the most part of his company’s aim, is to provide the professional support for the newly elected CCIFSA leadership that has a genuine track record of fighting for artists in KZN. The musician said artists in KZN are well supported by their government support and it is producing tangeable results with the likes of Afrotainment and it is the Music Hub.