BEING released by a club without kicking a ball must be the most devastating thing to happen to a soccer player. Striker, Prince Nxumalo who joined Bidvest Wits in July was released just after 40 days without making his debut for the Clever Boys. The almost forgotten Nxumalo says he was very disappointed when the Students ditched him saying they won’t need his services. “I was released, apparently I was no longer part of the coach’s plans, so they had to let me go,” said disappointed Nxumalo who had signed a one-year deal with the club. The Durban-born striker signed a pre-contract with Wits in January from Ajax Cape Town and was announced among the new signings in July. However, his stay was short-lived as he was released alongside Robyn Johannes, and Fagrie Lakay who have since managed to join Stellenbosch FC and Cape Town City respectively. The 29-year-old made a name for himself when he, together with another forgotten player, Thobani Mncwango, finished as joint second top-scorers with 13 goals during the 2015-2016 PSL season. They were one goal behind Golden Boot winner Collins Mbesuma, who found the back of net 14 times in that league campaign. When he joined Wits two months ago, his main aim was to get back to his best as he claimed that he has unfinished business in the top flight after he was relegated with Ajax at the end of the 2017-18 campaign. He said: “It was very disappointing to leave a team (Wits) where I was hoping to revive my career without playing. “I would understand if I had played a couple of matches and failed to deliver, but it is football.” The former Golden Arrows striker whose progress has largely been derailed by a spate of epileptic seizures over the past few seasons is now pondering a way forward, hoping to get a new club as soon as possible. “At the moment I am training alone, I’m hoping that something will come up before it is too late.” Another player, Bantu Mzwakali who was also released by Wits in June is currently training with Cape Umoya in the GladAfrica Championship and is hoping to secure a deal.