Deputy Finance Minister David Masondo has responded to
allegations of wrongdoing levelled against him, calling the allegations
"cunning, spiteful and bogus".  Investigative unit amaBhungane recently reported that
Masondo had allegedly used his influence and state resources to settle a
personal score with an ex-mistress by having her arrested for extortion.  It appears from messages that the fight was mainly about the
woman accusing the deputy minister of bullying her to have an abortion and her
wanting the two families to discuss damages, amaBhungane reported.  It is not clear when exactly Masondo went to the police and
on what basis he laid charges, but his complaint seems to have received swift
attention, resulting in the Hawks launching a sting operation.  The woman was arrested outside her home in northern
Johannesburg on Saturday, August 17, when she accepted a bag of cash from men
she understood were representing Masondo, but were actually undercover cops.  She spent the weekend behind bars and told amaBhungane:
"David having me… thrown in jail for nothing was one of the most violent
acts I have experienced... It will stay with me for the rest of my life."  A statement by JP Louw, issued on behalf of Masondo, says
that "whilst keen to set the record straight, Dr Masondo has been advised
by his lawyer to avoid commenting on the specifics of the matter as it could
undermine criminal investigations against the said woman. Notwithstanding, Dr
Masondo finds allegations made against him to be cunning, spiteful and
bogus".  The statement also says that the reporting and "claims
made currently in the public domain are largely based on information
opportunistically adjusted to suite [sic] an untruth.  "Unfortunately, the media is being used by the said
woman (who is a journalist) to cast aspersion on the character of Dr David
Masondo. It seems the hope is to use the court of public opinion and exploit
the current climate where, justifiably, the country is immersed with the
sickening scourge of violence and discrimination against women. The intention
appears to be to force Dr Masondo and his family to abandon the case opened by
frustrating the ongoing criminal investigations," reads the statement.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/cunning-spiteful-and-bogus-masondo-responds-on-hawks-sting-ex-lovers-allegations-20190918  