NEW AmaZulu coach Jozef Vukusic received a baptism of fire in his first match and is now aware of the huge task he has in his hands. Vukusic, who was appointed on Wednesday last week, lost his first game in charge of Usuthu when they went down 2-0 at the hands of Kaizer Chiefs at King Zwelithini Stadium on Tuesday. The Durban-based side remain rock-bottom of the log with only two points from six league matches, tied on points with provincial rivals Maritzburg United, who are 15 on the log and Stellenbosch FC, who are two place above them. “One positive from this game against Chiefs was how we were organised compared to the matches I’ve seen before,”said Vukusic. “The spirit was there. Of course we must work on technical, tactical issues. This test against Chiefs was good for us and I can see now where we need to improve and the players all tried their best. “I think the balance in defence, offensive it is where we must improve in the next game.” The loss to Chiefs means AmaZulu have not beaten the Soweto giants since March 2007. In fact, it is just one victory in the last 25 games now. The win-less streak for AmaZulu stretches to now nine games since their last their victory which came against SuperSport United on 24 April in Durban. Fortunately or unfortunately for the Durban-based outfit, Kaitano Tembo’s side are the next team they will face this coming weekend away at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday (20:15pm). Whether they will get their first win of the season against the Tshwane giants remains to be seen. Against Chiefs, it was not though a lack of trying for Usuthu. They peppered Chiefs returning goalie Itumeleng Khune’s goals. They scored two legitimate goals but they were all flagged offside by referee on the day Cedric Muvhali along with his first assistant Mervyn Van Wyk. “It is sad for my team that we scored two goals, but they were not given (with Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp laughing in the back ground),” revealed Vukusic. “But I accept that because it was the mistake from the referees, its part of the game. “Only competitive game like Chiefs that will show you where your team is. But for now we must recover and move forward because after SuperSport game we got Cape Town City (next Tuesday at home).”