Rap star and fashionista Ricky Rick is  not only known for producing hit songs, but also for going all out for umswenko. In an Instagram post, he recalled how back in 1998, him and his family relocated to Austria and how unlike most South African schools, the school they attended didn't wear uniform, which meant they could rock any item of clothing they wanted. He wrote: "In 1998 we moved to Austria with my mother. The new school my brothers and I went to didn’t wear uniforms so naturally our friends introduced us to new styles and brands that included a label by this man named @tommyhilfiger". He said he and his brothers begged their mother to buy them a pair of Tommy jeans, but because their mother had the pressure of raising four kids couldn't afford it.We begged my mother to buy us a pair of Tommy Jeans but coming from where we come from and trying to raise 4 children in a foreign country doesn’t put you in a position to keep up with fashion labels. She did her best to keep us presentable at school but buying Tommy Hilfiger was out of the question, even though she would’ve if she could’ve," he said. Ricky said as a grown up now, he doesn't compromise when it comes to wearing what he wants, thanks to being introduced to Tommy Hilfiger, who is his style icon. Wrote Ricky: "Ever since then the feeling of not being able to wear what I like has never left me and its one of the reasons I work so hard. It might sound silly to some people but all I ever wanted was to be fresh. Broke or not. No compromise". He said fashion is how he expresses himself to the world. "Fast Forward 21 years. I've had the opportunity to travel the world, make friends and express myself through clothes BUT meeting this man and telling him the story of how his brand was the reason I FELL IN LOVE WITH THE MPAHLAS™? was full circle.????Thank you Malume @tommyhilfiger for giving me time and bringing me out for your show, you are much appreciated," he said. In 1998 we moved to Austria with my mother. The new school my brothers and I went to didn’t require uniforms so naturally our friends introduced us to new styles and brands that included a label by this man named @tommyhilfiger . ?? ?? We begged my mother to buy us a pair of Tommy Jeans but coming from where we come from and trying to raise 4 children in a foreign country doesn’t put you in a position to keep up with fashion labels. She did her best to keep us presentable at school but buying Tommy Hilfiger was out of the question, even though she would’ve if she could’ve. ?? ?? Ever since then the feeling of not being able to wear what I like has never left me and its one of the reasons I work so hard. It might sound silly to some people but all I ever wanted was to be fresh. Broke or not. No compromise.? ?? Fast Forward 21 years. Ive had the opportunity to travel the world, make friends and express myself through clothes BUT meeting this man and telling him the story of how his brand was the reason I FELL IN LOVE WITH THE MPAHLAS™? was full circle.?? ?? Thank you malume @tommyhilfiger for giving me time and bringing me out for your show, you are much appreciated??????. ICON. A post shared by  Rikhado "Riky Rick" Makhado (@rikyrickworld) on Sep 17, 2019 at 7:14am PDT 