THE Springboks are camping not far from the Tokyo Disneyland in Urayasu. But Boks assistant coach Mzwandile Stick has hastened to caution his side were not on holiday. They are there to prepare for their World Cup opening blockbuster against the sworn enemies, the All Blacks. “We came to Japan earlier because we wanted to get used to the conditions. We were challenged in the past couple of days, where throughout the day we faced humid conditions,” said Stick. “But we now come to Tokyo where it’s a different condition with a bit of rain on it, with the season change. But I come from Port Elizabeth where you get four different weathers in a day,” “For us, we’ll be able to adapt to whatever condition or challenge. You can’t ask for any better start to the World Cup than playing against one of the best in the world. But we’ll be prepared for the game.” The fever is building towards the showdown at the International Stadium on Saturday (11am), with many around the world certainly looking forward to the biggest rugby rivalry. It’s a clash which could help either side lay down a marker in the tournament. Fellow assistant coach Matt Proudfoot, however, said they were expecting surprises from the All Blacks. “We’re expecting a new arrow to their quiver,” said Proudfoot. “They are an intelligent bunch and there will be something new that they bring to the party. They have been working on various aspects of their attack. “There’s been quite a bit of evolution in that area of their game. And they’re too good a side not to continue their evolution.” Defeat for either side could prove a psychological blow, given the nature of major tournaments. And Proudfoot will sure be hammering this known fact into the players. He said: “It’s not ideal to start a competition on the back foot. Both teams understand that. Our mindset in 2019 has been to generate a lot of momentum which we have attained. And it will be good to keep that momentum going. “But I don’t think if you win this game, all of a sudden you’re hot favourites for the tournament either.”