A PAN-AFRICANIST and a hero! That’s how EFF leader Julius Malema described former Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe, whose body he viewed on Monday.  In social media images shared by the party, Malema is seen closely looking into the coffin. Next to him is Mugabe’s son, Robert Mugabe Jr. Malema was joined in sending the EFF’s condolences to the Mugabe family by the party’s treasurer-general, Leigh Mathys. More images show Malema and the Mugabes, including the late president’s widow Grace, sharing a meal. READ: "CHERYL ZONDI IS A SLAY QUEEN AND AN OPPORTUNIST" Mugabe died in a Singaporean hospital at the age of 95, earlier this month. He’s expected to be buried next month at the National Heroes Acre in the Zimbabwean capital Harare. Reports have quoted Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa as saying Mugabe died of prostate cancer after he was taken off treatment because of old age. In a tweet, Malema said: “We visited Mama Grace Mugabe in Harare, Zimbabwe today to offer our condolences and to personally thank her for looking after President Robert Mugabe until the last minute. We viewed the body of the true Pan Africanist. #Gushungu #EFFAtBlueRoof.”  Mugabe served as Zimbabwean president for 37 years. He was unseated in a soft military coup in November 2017. Speaking to the SABC in Harare, Malema said the EFF had agreed Mugabe should leave office, but added the use of military was unnecessary. He said: “The conversation of Mugabe leaving office was always there, and Mama Mugabe was aware of it and agreeing with it. Therefore, the military intervention was not necessary. But when it came, we all said let’s accept it and continue to make a call that there shouldn’t be blood on the floor. “We didn’t want him to be removed in the manner that is humiliating, in a manner that will lead to his death. But we were all in agreement that he should be released, but not in the manner that they did. We shouldn’t allow the situation where the military interferes with political affairs.”