ORLANDO Pirates will come back from the Fifa break a different lot with almost half of their injured players ready to beef up coach Rhulani Mokwena's team. Vincent Pule, Ben Motshwari and Luvuyo Memela are reportedly recovering well and may be ready for their next Absa Premiership clash against Chippa United on 14 September. According to the club, which was forced to labour to seven matches in August, Motshwari is slowly being integrated back to training after he suffered an ankle injury during the MTN8 clash against Highlands Park in August. "Post a series of three prolotherapy injections, the inflammation on his right ankle is currently minimal. His work load is being managed in order to avoid a flair up. "He is progressing well and has started light jogging, weight bearing and strengthening of the right leg," club said in a statement. The prolific Pule, who injured during the CAF game against Green Eagles at Orlando Stadium, is undergoing field-based rehabilitation and would be reassessed next week to see when he can be reincorporated slowly back into the team. "Pule suffered a left Grade 1 strain (high) of the MCL and strain of left sartorius distal insertion," statement continued. Memela was unfortunate having suffered a right ankle sprain at training, this past Monday."He is currently working with the team’s Biokinetist. He is almost in his final phase of rehabilitation. He is expected to be reincorporated back into the team by Monday," club's official website said.T he team's Physiotherapist, John Williams, has expressed his relief at the progress of the injured players. "We have a very competent strength and conditioning team, and we have been making incredible progress towards rehabilitating our injured players. "Of course, the Fifa break has helped in the sense that the risk of further injuries decreases because, barring one or two friendly matches, the physical demand on the players is reduced”, said Williams. “We are confident that we will be in a position to declare some, if not all, of the players medically cleared and ready to start training with the rest of the squad by the time the league resumes,” Williams told club website. 