THE DARK warning that soon tribes will be turning against each other has been heard throughout Mzansi.And the possibility seems to have become a reality.ON THURSDAY NIGHT, GANGS ROAMED AROUND, APPARENTLY HUNTING FOR SHANGAANS. On Thursday last week, EFF leader Julius Malema warned that the xenophobic attacks would escalate if they were not stopped. “Next thing they’ll be killing Shangaans,” Malema told reporters at the time. Mobs, supposedly looking for anyone they believed was Shangaan, reportedly spread terror in Mandela squatter camp in Katlehong, Ekurhuleni. According to City Press, residents said men living in the Kwesine and Buyafuthi hostels went on the hunt. As a result, hundreds of people sought shelter at community halls ekasi. Anxiety, fear and anger were written on the faces of those whom the SunTeam saw and interviewed. But some sane kasi residents came out in support of the victims. Businessman Themba Magasela, who donated food, told Daily Sun yesterday: “They are our people and we’re going to protect them. They’re very scared. We’re trying to calm them down. We’re here to tell them. We’re on their side. We’ll continue to help as long as they are here.” Former PAC and Apla member Vuyisile Kwachana, who lived in exile for many years, gathered some residents from Nhlapo section next to Mandela squatter camp. He was shot trying to defend his neighbourhood and protect victims of violence. Pat Khumalo, a PAC member, told the People’s Paper: “As an Africanist he stood against these attacks after two people were burnt to death in the squatter camp.” He said two other men were killed just before Kwachana was killed. Kwachana’s two sisters and two brothers said their late brother was loved by the community. His brother Benny said he and others were patrolling on the other side of the township when they heard gunshots. He had been with his brother 10 minutes earlier. “It was the gunfire that claimed my brother’s life,” Benny said. Some of those who were brave enough to speak to Daily Sun at the hall said they lost everything but felt fairly safe there. Tereza Makamu, a mother of four kids including a one-month-old baby, said: “We didn’t know something like this would happen. My two kids can’t go to school. Their clothes and books have been burnt.” Victim Saugina Chiritza, carrying her seven-month-old baby, said all her belongings were burnt. She only came to South Africa last year. Most said they were ready to go home when the transport came as they felt it was no use staying in a country that didn’t want them.