AS MZANSI celebrated heritage month on Tuesday Soweto residents alongside legendary afro jazz musician Stephen Tsie took to the street to march against gender based violence. The community wanted to be voice of the voiceless in the country. The march took place in two different areas from Molapo to Rockville, Soweto. And another one took place in Moletsane Sports Complex, Soweto. He said the march was in memory of the Victim by the name of Mantombi Majola and other women who were killed by their partners. Stephen told Daily Sun that it was necessary for victims to tell their stories to the nation. “We wanted to honour the victims of gender based violence. We can’t sit and watch our sisters suffer from time to time in the hands of men,” he said. Stephen from Tladi in Soweto, said as a musician he believes they have the power to bring change in communities. The singer who is the chairperson of Music Performers Association of South Africa (MPASA), said he was happy to also see other men being part of the change. In 2014, Stephen established Gender Based Violence programme in partnership with the Department of Arts and Culture, their motive is to bring change in the society. Stephen shared that it broke he’s heart when his sister-in-law, Makie Mphuthi, was brutally murdered last year, by an unknown man who is still on the run. “It affected us as a family. I had to stand up as a man,” he said. Nontsi Mnconywa said this saddened her as her sister Mantombi after she was murdered in Orlando, Soweto in July Nontsi said they have never seen justice. She said she was happy to see people in numbers during the march. “I am happy that people still care about the victims. We still have good people in this country,” said Nontsi. In November, him and other musicians released a single titled Isikhalo.On the song he worked with Vicky Sampson, Freddy Gwala, Peter Mokoena, Blondie Makhene, Latoya Makhene and Maumela Mahuwa. “We wanted to bring attention to people with this song Isikhalo. The song is educating men to stop killing them,” he said. 