BANYANA Banyana vice-captain Refiloe Jane made history on Thursday after she joined Italian giants AC Milan to become the first South African woman to sign with an Italian club. The Serie A Women’s League outfit signed Jane on a one year contract. The move also offers the Soweto-born star an opportunity to play on the highest stage of world club football as Milan are regular campaigners in the Uefa Champions League. Jane who starred for Canberra United in the W-League in Australia last season, will wear her favorite number 15 jersey. The 27-year-old veteran who has accumulated more than 100 caps with Banyana belives that her move to the Italian giants will not only boost the Banyana but it will also inspire other women to keep working hard. “The change in terms of women’s sports careers are taking a direction in the positive. We have seen that many women in sports are getting managerial roles in male-dominated areas or positions and also for women in sport they are getting recognised as athletes, as administrators and as followers of the sport,” Jane told gsport4girls.co.za.“It’s also good for the sport in South Africa when there’s many women playing abroad of which that can also contribute positively to our nation – South Africa."“We know that we want to compete amongst the best countries in the world in terms of sports and also in terms of women in sport, so the more support we get from the public and the more support that we get from corporate SA it means a lot and it adds so much value.”She further went on to speak about her dream move to the Italian Giants who will resume the Serie A women’s league next week when they face rivals AS Roma on the opening day. Jane added: “I’m so happy to be signed by a leading women’s team – AC Milan" "It’s a dream come true to be able to play in Europe. I’ve never played in Europe before and it’s always been a dream of mine to be able to play in such big leagues and to be signed to such a big club.“I want to thank everyone involved for making this possible. It means so much to me and having been in Italy a few weeks back I was able to see what they are about. I was able to see the girls and also meet the management and I’m so happy to be signing with a team that looks forward to playing in the Champions League next season, a team that looks forward to winning the Serie A,” she ended.   