DESPITE having a poor start to 2019-20 Absa Premiership, Cape Town City coach Benni McCarthy remains optimistic that his team will challenge for the league title. For the first time since the club was established, The Citizens have found themselves among the strugglers in the league just after seven games. Out of possible 21 points that they could have got, City has gathered a disappointing eight points from one win, five draws. They have lost just one match this far, a 2-1 defeat against Chiefs in August. The Citizens have proved that they can score goals however their challenge they can't defend their goals. A fourth night ago they drew 3-3 with SuperSport United, they went to KwaZulu-Natal where they were held to a 1-1 draw by Steve Komphela’s Golden Arrows. On Saturday they could have easily won the Pirates clash after scoring two goals in the first 10 minutes. But their failure to managed the game saw them getting a point.McCarthy blamed the heat on Saturday. ”In the break, we suffered tremendously because if the heat. Kermit Erasmus and Fagrie Lakay couldn't breathe,” he revealed. ”Both players were vomiting feeling very I'll. As a senior/parent I don't think I'd want my kids to suffer in that manner so it was players' safety more than winning the match. ”I opted for bringing in fresher legs of Shaquille Abrahams and Shane Roberts because Kermit and Lakay were not going to give us anything in the second half.” The former Orlando Pirates and Bafana Bafana striker, however, still believes they have a capable squad that can turn things around and push for the league title. ”Yea we can challenge I'm not saying we will win the league but we would love to win it. ”And challenging for the title is one of the goals but we have hit a slow puncher. ”We playing fantastic football scoring a lot of goals but we simply just seem to be getting the luck. We don't know where the hole is that is leaking holding the team down. ”We have not given up maybe it is a high aspiration but we have a squad good enough players to compete with the likes of Mamelodi Sundowns, SuperSport United, Wits and Kaizer Chiefs we can give them a run.” 