SUZUKI has boosted the Ertiga MPV with a more luxurious GLX derivative. Available with the choice of a manual or automatic gearbox, the Ertiga GLX offers luxuries not common to the sub-R300 000 MPV market. It joins Suzuki’s other luxury-value leaders, including the Ignis GLX and recently launched Swift GLX. The seven-seater Ertiga range now offers five models. The Ertiga GLX also offers the luxuries available on the GL model and adds styling features set to make it stand out from other seven-seat vehicles in this category. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Maruti Suzuki XL6 Vs Ertiga Comparison Review How different are the XL6 and Ertiga? If you ask Maruti Suzuki, it says they're different like chalk and cheese. But the customers still raise their eyebrow at that idea, so we decided to end this debate and give you all the answers by comparing t...  On the outside, the Ertiga GLX is finished with chrome on the door handles and rear garnishes, while snazzy 15-inch alloys replace the steel wheel and hubcap combination of the GA and GL models. Suzuki has also added a curved LED light strip to the headlamps, giving the GLX a unique visual appeal. In the cabin, the new wood-grain trim is the first sign of the upgraded luxuries. Other additions include a height-adjustable driver’s seat and new centre-console box that doubles as a central armrest for the driver and front passenger. Furthermore, the Ertiga GLX foregoes a standard key with remote central locking for a combination of keyless access and a Start/Stop button. It also replaces the standard air conditioning system with automatic climate control.  There’s also a seven-inch touchscreen infotainment system offering smartphone integration with Apple CarPlay or Android Auto. Safety is well-taken care of on all Ertiga models, with the inclusion of ABS-brakes with electronic brake force distribution and two front airbags. The GLX model shares its siblings’ new engine. The 1,5L 16-valve four-cylinder petrol engine has a maximum output of 77kW at 6 000r/min and 138Nm at 4 400r/min. According to Suzuki, the auto and manual models use 6,2L of fuel per 100km in a combined cycle. The Ertiga GLX comes with a four-year/60 000 km service plan and five-year/200 000 km mechanical warranty. Ertiga 1,5 GLX (manual) R267 900 Ertiga 1,5 GLX (auto) R282 900