The High Court sitting in Middelburg sentenced Zinhle
Maditla to four life sentences that will run effectively for the murder of her
four children. The hefty jail term emanates from an incident that
occurred on 27 December last year, where Maditla killed her four children,
Minenhle (8), Blessing (7), Shaniqua (4) and Ethen (11 months) by lacing their
bread with rat poison.  The 25- year - old told the court on Tuesday that she had
a fight with the father of her kids, Mfanafuthi Shongwe whom she had been
dating for eight years. She said she went to confront Shongwe who is Blessing and
Ethen's father about why he hadn’t bought them Christmas clothes, but she found
him with another woman.  She said Shongwe and his grandmother attacked her after
she confronted him. Maditla then left but said she was so hurt and felt
betrayed that on her way home she bought R10 rat poison at a taxi rank, which
she used to kill her children and also tried to kill herself. Maditla spent some days with the decomposing bodies of
her children in her rented room at Klarinet in Mpumalanga before neighbours
became suspicious. Their bodies were found covered in blankets. She has apologised to her family and all the fathers of
her children. Maditla handed herself over to the police after receiving
a phone call from her mother that there were flies and and bad smell emerging
from her rented room. Judge Sekgopotse Mphahlele said Maditla had planned the
murders and these acts are against the spirit of the constitution. "The most
aggravating factor on this matter is that the accused is the biological mother.
These four children suffered gruesomely at the hands of a mother who was
supposed to nurture, protect and provide for them. "These innocent children were the victims of her
battles with Shongwe, they trusted her like any child could trust a mother.
When they were hungry they believed she would provide for them. She
intentionally gave them food that was contaminated with the intention to kill
them, she betrayed her own children and as a result this young innocent
children suffered a horrible death," she said. Family member, Kevin Balance told Daily Sun that they
felt like the court has given Maditla a harsh sentence. Meanwhile Mpumalanga NPA spokeswoman, Monica Nyuswa said
they welcome the sentence and they encourage women to seek help when they
experiencing frustrations.