MARITZBURG United coach Eric Tinkler is a dead man walking! The former Orlando Pirates coach is living on borrowed time at the Team of Choice. Five games into the season and the Team of Choice are still searching for their first Absa Premiership victory. After watching his team suffer a heartbreaking 2-1 defeat against Mamelodi Sundowns at Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville at the weekend, Tinkler was guttered. He admits that he is worried about his future at the Kwa-Zulu Natal based outfit. AmaZulu fired Cavin Johnson, Black Leopards dismissed Lionel Soccoia and Chippa United sacked Clinton Larsen last week. The axe is now hovering above the former Bafana Bafana international’s head. Lanky defender Siyanda Xulu thought that he had done enough to rescue a point when he headed in from a corner 10 minutes after halftime to cancel out Gaston Sirino’s early goal. But substitute Lyle Lakay broke the Team of Choice hearts with a late winner three minutes into stoppage time. Maritzburg players cried as Downs snatched a valuable three points with virtually the last kick of the game. A dejected Tinkler said he was sad for himself and the players. “I feel dejected, gutted and sad.” Tinkler summed up his emotions. “We missed sitters in the first half and were made to pay against a great team like Sundowns. We gave them space through the middle and conceded at the death. The point could have been a huge morale booster, but it slipped through our fingers.” Maritzburg welcome Chippa United in a must win league game in a battle of winless teams at the Harry Gwala Stadium on Friday (8pm). Tinkler believes that a point would have been an extremely valuable ahead of the Chilli Boys visit. But now he is faced with an unenviable task of lifting morale in the team. “We are always worried about our future as coaches. I’m worried about mine too. In South Africa you have to worry about your future its nature of the game. The firing of coaches has become absurd but I don’t want to say too much. I don’t want to get into trouble.” The good news for Tinkler is that Jeremy Brockie, who could not play because of the loan agreement deal between the Team of Choice and Downs, will play in the next game. Tinkler said he will put his arms around his players to keep on pushing them. “The reality is that we are judged on points. Sadly, we are running out of time.”