MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane says he is not obsessed about his team’s unbeaten record in the Absa Premiership. The Brazilians are the only unbeaten team in the Premiership so far after five matches. But is it possible for a team to remain unbeaten the whole season? “No, we will get beaten at some stage it is impossible to remain unbeaten the whole season. “We are playing in an unpredictable league and anyone can beat anyone,” explained Mosimane. The nine-time league champions were forced to dig deep to register a 2-1 victory over Maritzburg United at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday. Former Brazilians defender Siyanda Xulu equalised 10 minutes into the second half to cancel Gaston Sirino’s early opener. But substitute Lyle Lakay won the game for the home side with virtually the last kick of the game. The Brazilians are third on the log with 11 points and trail log leaders Polokwane City by two points with a game in hand. Downs will take a break from their Absa Premiership duties this week to make way for the Caf Champions League first round second-leg tie against Cote d’Or of Seychelles. The Tshwane giants host the minnows at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Friday (7pm) after they won the first leg 5-0 in Seychelles. They will resume their league campaign with a date against Black Leopards on 2 October. The Brazilians recovered from losing the MTN8 semi-final against Tshwane rivals SuperSport in their previous game. They lost 3-1 on aggregate in the Tshwane derby. Mosimane praised his charges for the manner in which they recovered from their set-back. On the win against the Team of Choice, Mosimane said his team showed that they are champions by grinding out results. “I would rather lose one or two matches and win more matches than to stay unbeaten. “What is the point of drawing 30 matches and finish the season unbeaten, but still get relegated? We played like true champions against Maritzburg and we just want to win games to keep on pushing for the league title. I can’t fault the players’ performance in this win.” Mosimane said he is undecided as to whether he will play his fringe players as the tie in the Caf competition has been virtually sealed. “Do I change the team for the sake of it to please others so that they can get game time? I don’t know. We will see about that.”