THE ANC wants the law to be changed and tightened to deal with people who commit crimes against foreigners. On his way to Zimbabwe today, ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule told journalists this was the position of the party’s top six, which met on Monday to discuss the xenophobic attacks. Magashule was on his way to Zimbabwe to attend a meeting of liberation movements, where he said attacks on foreigners in Mzansi would be discussed. “We’re going to talk to our legislators to strengthen the law to ensure we don’t allow criminals because there is a lot of criminality in the xenophobic attacks and people want to justify them by attacking so-called foreigners,” he said. Magashule said most of the people killed in these attacks were locals. “There is no such thing as xenophobia. People are putting things which are actually not happening on social media and fanning hatred,” he told Daily Sun. Ministers from the security cluster have vowed to deal with any form of violence against foreigners and denied that South Africa is a xenophobic country. Security cluster chairwoman, Defence and Military Veterans Minister Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula, said 12 people had died since the beginning of the violence and 10 were South Africans. “South Africa is not a xenophobic country. Whoever is found on the wrong side of the law will be dealt with,” she warned. She said government was doing everything to protect foreigners who were displaced during the attacks and added that 755 people were housed at DH Williams and Tsholo Community centres in Katlehong. A press conference was held yesterday, attended by Police Minister Bheki Cele, State Security Minister Ayanda Dlodlo, Home Affairs Minister Aaron Motsoaledi and Justice and Correctional Services Minister Ronald Lamola. It was announced at the conference that about 700 suspects had been arrested, some on Monday night, for their involvement in the violence. Cele said they were working to ensure there was enough visibility on the ground to ensure the violence won’t start again. “If they have no such crime intelligence to share, then this is a major concern as it means they are not doing their job,” said Maimane. He was speaking outside the Joburg Central Police Station, where he had gone to hand over a memorandum, accompanied by fellow DA leaders Tshepo Mhlongo, Michael Sun and Refiloe Nt’sekhe. He also said he had been calling on President Cyril Ramaphosa for them to work together. Sun, who is Joburg’s safety mayoral committee member, echoed Maimane’s words. He said it was difficult to deal with the situation as they were being denied intelligence information.