 The ANC in
Tshwane has announced that it will be making a submission to the Zondo
commission on allegations of corruption, malfeasance and maladministration in
the capital city, which it says has taken place since the DA took control in 2016. In a
statement on Thursday, the ANC said that, under the leadership of the DA, the
City had experienced a "service delivery nightmare, untold corruption and
malfeasance", which warrants a submission at the judicial commission of
inquiry into allegations of state capture. "Maladministration
in the City of Tshwane has now become a usual occurrence. The Auditor General
South Africa has documented all forms of poor governance associated with the DA
since they have been in government from 2016 to date," said ANC regional
chairperson Dr Kgosi Maepa. "This
includes the R12bn Glad Africa corruption scandal, illegal appointments of
people without qualifications and falsified CVs, reversal of employment equity,
etc "We
have observed that the DA is playing far away from the Zondo commission because
they do not want to openly talk about large scale corruption where they govern
– the ANC in Tshwane has decided to tear the veil of political secrecy of the
DA and expose their 'blue lies' and associated corruption." Maepa said
the ANC would continue to engage with their attorneys to get proper advice on
how to go about making a substantive submission to the commission, which is
chaired by Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo. Mayoral
spokesperson Omogolo Taunyane welcomed the decision by the ANC to approach the
commission, saying that it was a legitimate platform. "The
mayor will subject himself to the process should he be called to provide
testimony," Taunyane said. Legal
action Maepa also
gave an update on their urgent court application to reverse the decision to pay
of former city manager Moeketsi Mosola. "The
ANC has filed a notice of motion on 13 September 2019 at the North Gauteng High
Court on an urgent basis, to request a judge to reverse a ridiculous unilateral
decision by the Executive Mayor to pay a 'Golden Handshake' to Dr Moeketsi
Mosola without Council approval," Maepa said. He said the
ANC was now awaiting a court date. News24
previously reported that the party had asked the Gauteng High Court in Pretoria
to set aside the council sitting that passed the resolutions on August 29. In court
papers, which News 24 has seen, the ANC contended that the council sitting was
invalid and unlawful and, as a result, the resolutions passed during the
sitting should be declared unlawful and set aside. Maepa said
resolutions were passed without the majority of council agreeing. According
to the court papers, the ANC's 89 councillors, the EFF's 25 and one PAC
councillor registered dissenting votes. "[The]
majority of 115 councillors [out of a possible 214] voted against the
resolution and it is self-evident that the meeting did not quorate." For a
resolution to pass in the council, there must be a simple majority of 50% plus
one, the ANC submitted. SOURCE:
NEWS24