It’s time to rebuild, rebrand and relearn our African ancestry. This is a message behind the newlylaunched Sangoma Festival that urges Africans to celebrate their heritage and learn more about their cultural background. The festival, which will be held in March will have music, food, drink, arts and crafts. Founder Romeo Malepe, who calls himself an isithunywa (prophet), said the cultural festival is a unique concept to address all the stigmas attached to African culture. Romeo said: “We want to package our own products, understand them, and write books that can be included into the school syllabus. This is the beginning of a cultural revolution.” SunBuzz spoke to a few of the panellists who will be leading talks at the festival. Moleboheng Malepe (37) is a communications manager from the Vaal. She’s training to be a prophet. She said: “We’ll have various spiritual experts who will be talking about their journeys and also share their experiences.” Moleboheng said a platform such as this would give other people who are still questioning their spiritual calling an opportunity to learn from others. Gogo Moyo, whose real name is Refilwe Lerumo (31), will speak at the festival. She’s famous for her YouTube channel, EzaseNdumbeni. She said she’d be leading talks about how spiritually works. “Spirituality doesn’t work on logic. “People need to unlearn everything they’ve been taught, especially at school because it doesn’t equip them about spirituality. “There are no tangible answers. One needs to be an empath to understand what the ancestors need and want,” she said. Gogo Moyo said she started her YouTube channel after she saw that people were asking the same questions about ancestors, their calling and everything else that had to do with the matters of the spirits via email. She said it felt impersonal when she answered them. “Through this channel, people can see that I’m a normal person and also get to know my character,” she said. Yolanda Dandala is a model, sangoma and an activist for young healers. She will speak about the work that her organisation, Young Sangoma Empowerment, does. “Young Sangoma Empowerment is a platform that empowers young traditional healers to continue the legacy of healers such as Ntsikana, Sgananda ka Ncube and Credo Mutwa, who liberated the practice in South Africa. “We now have freedom to practice because of these healers’ selfless contributions,” Yolanda said.