THE recent sacking of Cavin Johnson and Clinton Larsen by AmaZulu and Chippa United respectively, does not bode well for the future of South African coaches. This is according to former Kaizer Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder Jabulani Mendu, who is concerned with the “lack of faith” shown in local coaches by Mzansi teams. Johnson and Larsen were given their marching orders by their respective clubs this week following a poor run of results, with Usuthu moving swiftly to name Serbian Jozef Vukusic as their new mentor. Mendu, however, believes South African coaches are not appreciated nor given the same respect and support as their overseas counterparts by local clubs. “In the last seven years, the coaches that have won the league, where are they from? South Africa right? What does that tell you? We need to embrace our own,” insisted Mendu who was speaking at the launch of the COPA Coca-Cola Under-15 school’s tournament that started in Durban today and ends on Saturday. Added Mendu: “Even with clothing, if you are wearing a brand from South Africa people say it’s Fong Kong. If we can be proudly South African and fully support our South African brothers then we will have a brighter future. Not that we don’t need the knowledge from outside, we are not an island, but we need to appreciate what our local coaches are doing. “We must support them fully and not set them up for failure. Right now we are just putting them in a club to fail, you don’t give them the resources they need, you don’t give them the players they need and the technical team they want because they are South African. But if an overseas coach comes in, they get everything they need to succeed. Let’s respect our coaches, let’s respect our game as a whole.” Mendu, who is one of the scouts for COPA Coca-Cola U-15 school’s tournament, said he wants to see more youngsters go on to bigger and better things after the competition. “We are here to scout the talent, and we have seen quite a lot, but we need to see more of those players getting placed where their development can be fast tracked,” concluded Mendu.