HE claims he used to kill, rape and rob! Now Bishop Lucky Baloyi wants forgiveness. He said he will be opening a church soon but he can’t do that while families and victims have not forgiven him. Bishop Lucky “Pretty” Baloyi (42) of The Christ Redeemer Church in Mmakau, North West said he was ready to face God and ask his victims for forgiveness. He claimed since 1994, he was part of a gang of 16 boys who terrorised people north of Tshwane. And he alleges that sometimes he would kill and rob his own. “With the boys, we committed crimes such as robbery, murder, rape and hijackings. “We were controlled by demons and hunger for blood money,” he claimed. “We competed to see who spilled more blood.” He said he wasn’t called Pretty Paper for nothing. “The name was given to me because I was always carrying a lot of money.” Baloyi told Daily Sun he turned himself in to Loate Police Station in May 2001. “I had to surrender and face the music,” he said. The father of two children said in prison, he attended courses and listened to sermons and was born again. Baloyi said he was sentenced to serve time at Zonderwater Prison in Cullinan in 2004. He was released on a parole in 2015. Baloyi will now marry Nkele Matsemela (42) on 20 December. She told Daily Sun: “I saw God in him and I never knew someone could change so much. He’s the perfect man for me and I love him, irrespective of his past and what people say” Baloyi’s mentor, Apostle Francinah Ndala, said she preached at the Zonderwater Prison. “My preaching touched many prisoners and some of them are preachers and pastoring in churches,” she said. Sophia Mohlako (43), a member of The Christ Redeemer Church, said she saw Christ through Bishop Baloyi. Zandile Mabunda, Gauteng Correctional Services’ spokeswoman, said Baloyi was sentenced on 7 September 2004 and released on parole supervision on 31 July 2015. She said his offences were actually two aggravated robberies, one escape attempt, unlawful possession of ammunition and a firearm. “He was sentenced to 33 years and six months,” she said. The SunTeam could not get comment from the other prison at time of going to print regarding the other crimes the Bishop claimed to be guilty of.