IT HASN’T taken Lebogang Phiri long to overcome a double douse of disappointment. In fact, it is as though missing out on the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) and on the move to a Ligue 1 club Strasbourg has renewed his energy for the new season. The 24-year-old Phiri is back with Bafana Bafana and barely looks like someone whose heart sank when he was snubbed for the Afcon finals in Egypt. “We all have ambitions as individuals. Whether you play in Europe or locally, you should always put your national team upfront,” said Phiri. “You never turn your back on the country that has given you opportunities. “Of course, it is always a disappointment when you don’t get selected for such a prestigious tournament. But as professionals, we know we’ve signed up to get these disappointments at times in our careers. “It came at the time when I felt I was doing really well. Former Bafana coach (Stuart Baxter) has always said he fancied the player I am. But ultimately it’s the coach’s decision who he calls for tournaments. I was alright.” Phiri was looking to add to his six Bafana appearances in the recent Fifa international week. But the cancellation of two friendlies, against Zambia and Madagascar, meant he may have to wait a bit to hit the international scene again. But he knows consistency at club level is key to his Bafana spot. His failed move to Strasbourg means he has dropped down to Ligue 2 with Guingamp. “Going to Ligue 2, of course, is a bummer,” he admitted. “I wanted to go to a team in Ligue 1 to play at the highest level. I’ve always preached that playing at the highest level you play among the best. But it’s a league that produces great players... N’golo Kante and Matteo Guendouzi, who went straight to Arsenal. “Unfortunately, I didn’t get a chance to go to Strasbourg. I’m still with Guingamp and I’m happy there. There’s no reason to push for a move away as of yet. “I feel I’m growing in that team, and with us having a good time in Ligue 2 we can accomplish great things.” If he is not spraying champagne passes on the pitch, Phiri could be found busting a groove to the popular sounds of amapiano. He added: “We’ve got many games, as you can also see with big clubs here like Sundowns travelling a lot. But I do go to the beach, enjoy the weather, relax with friends and dance to amapiano beats. I love Kabza De Small and DJ Maphorisa.”