TSHWANE taxi drivers continued to wage war against drug dealers in the City of Tshwane CBD.Two alleged drug dealers, are currently in hospital under police guard, this after they were beaten to a pulp by a group of taxi drivers and a building was set alight in the Tshwane CBD on Monday afternoon. It is alleged that one of the suspect attempted to sell drugs to a passing lady when he was spotted by the taxi operators. The man was assaulted then ordered to disclose who he was selling the drugs for, he then took the drivers to a building where his suppliers was. The supplier was allegedly apprehended, also assaulted and the building was also set alight. The incident happened near the place where taxi driver, Jabu Baloyi, was shot dead during a scuffle between the taxi operators and alleged drug dealers last month. According to the Gauteng Police spokesman, Captain Kay Makhubela, the police received information about a drug related activities in Bloed Street, when they spotted two men who were in possession of drugs. He said after they arrested the men, they were then confronted by a group of people, believed to be taxi operators, who then assaulted the suspects. “Police were able to swiftly diffuse the situation and the suspects were rescued and rushed to a nearby hospital for medical attention,” he said. City of Tshwane Community Safety and Emergency services MMC Karen Meyer said that her office has evidence that SAPS officers are involved in selling drugs in the city centre. She said there were reports and preliminary footage received by her office that appear to indicate that the SAPS are allegedly complicit in collecting money and facilitating the sale of drugs. “The alleged arson attack in Pretoria Central and the assault of two alleged drug peddlers by community members illustrates the urgent need for the SAPS to finally come to the table in the city’s fight against drugs,” she said. She said while they condemn any form of vigilante justice, the police as a law enforcement agency must play its part and not be a part of the problem.