The most
recent inmate numbers show that the country’s prisons are 37% overcrowded, with
162 875 prisoners against an accommodation capacity of 118 572 bed spaces, the
Department of Correctional Services has confirmed. And this
overcrowding is likely to increase. Department
spokesperson Singabakho Nxumalo said the “disturbing picture” could become a
norm in some correctional centres if not managed properly. “What cannot
be undermined is that overcrowding in correctional facilities could lead to
poor conditions, thus making it difficult to create and maintain humane
conditions which will adversely hamper the mandate of rehabilitating inmates,”
he said. The department
had a legal mandate to enforce sentences of the court through a warrant of
detention or committal and had no legal powers to refuse detention of inmates
on the basis of inadequate bed space and other factors resulting in
overcrowding, Nxumalo continued. To deal with
overcrowding, it among others manages “levels of sentenced offenders through
improving effective and appropriate use of conversion of sentence to community
correctional supervision, release on parole and transfers between correctional
centres to attempt to establish some degree of evenness of overcrowding”. New prisons Upgrades and
the building of new prisons are also undertaken Nxumalo said, and community
correctional supervision was also enhanced to be better used as an “appropriate
sentence for less serious crimes”. Nxumalo said
its strategy was “making some difference for Correctional Services, despite the
stubborn pressures of incarceration forever increasing due to high crime
levels”. News24 earlier
this year reported that the Judicial Inspectorate for Correctional Services
(JICS) said that correctional centres were generally 150% full and that
overcrowding at prisons across the country means that those awaiting trial or
the finalisation of legal proceedings sometimes end up without a bed, bedding
or even a uniform. This was
according to a survey conducted in which a percentage of inmates were asked
about their living conditions. A total of 1 099 remand or awaiting trial
inmates at correctional centres in East London, Potchefstroom, Goodwood,
Pietermaritzburg and the Kgosi Mampuru II centre in Pretoria were questioned. The number of
inmates who slept on beds varied greatly, with 96% at one centre on beds, while
in another, 66% of those surveyed did not have beds. In a 2016
judgment in the Western Cape High Court, Pollsmoor prison in Cape Town was
ordered to ensure its remand facility was not more than 120% full. Working to
increase bed space Nxumalo said
the department has been working on increasing bed space in order to relieve
pressure on overcrowded facilities, especially those in metros. “Our
infrastructure projects are progressing well in terms of upgrading and building
new centres that are rehabilitation-oriented,” he said. “Standerton
and Estcourt Correctional Centres were officially opened in April and May 2019
respectively. The two centres combined provide 1 998 bed spaces. We are now
awaiting the official handover of the Tzaneen Correctional Centre from the
contractor, and, when combined with the refurbished Glencoe Correctional
Centre, these will provide 1 101 beds by September 2019.” A new
correctional centre is also being contracted in Parys, Nxumalo said. “The
reengineering of the criminal justice system, moving towards the Integrated
Justice System (IJS) will assist in fast-tracking some of the cases which takes
longer to be resolved. The category of inmates driving serious overcrowding in
the metros is remand detainees - trial awaiting persons - as centres outside
major cities are not overcrowded. “One area of
attention will have to be given to people incarcerated for minor offenses with
an option of a fine but cannot afford it. These are usually short sentences. “Other
progressive means will have to be explored in future should it happen that
overcrowding has reached unprecedented levels. For now, the correctional system
can hold but alternative means to direct incarceration could also be another
area to be explored in future by the judiciary.” - Compiled by
Tammy Petersen SOURCE: NEWS24