The owner of a Carletonville crèche, where alleged child
abuse was caught on video, faces two charges of assault, the National
Prosecuting Authority (NPA) has confirmed.  Janine Edwards appeared in the Oberholzer Magistrate's Court
on Thursday where the case against her was postponed to October 11 for
transferal to the regional court, regional NPA spokesperson Phindi Mjonondwane
said.  The owner of Ninnie's Neurons Crèche was arrested five
months ago after employee Nellie Sinwametsi was charged after several videos
allegedly showing her abusing children at the crèche went viral on social
media.  Their cases are being heard separately.  In one of the videos, a young girl is forced to clean up
after she vomited. The child is then slapped on her buttocks.  In another video, a toddler is slapped for what appears to
be a refusal to sleep.  The crèche has since closed down.  Women and Men Against Child Abuse said the case had not been
handled with the seriousness it deserved.  "These videos showed tremendous levels of violence
against children at a level of fragile neuro-developmental stage - a child
under the age of five's brain is developing at an incredible rate, and
unfortunately is most susceptible to damage from such abuse, at a time when it
should be developed and nurtured the most," the organisation said in a
statement.  "We expect nothing less than guilty verdicts for
assault with intent to inflict grievous bodily harm charges."  The NPO said in supporting the parents throughout the case,
it had become apparent their children have already exhibited signs of trauma.  "We await any long-term effects of the abuse they were
exposed to. Some of the effects of abuse at such a young age impacts
tremendously on childhood development, and negative factors include immediate
stress responses which could manifest in passive or aggressive behavioural
abnormalities, immune system issues, behavioural problems and neurological
long-term effects.  "There are mothers who wait to see justice and
hopefully find some answers around the abuse their children suffered at the
hands of the people entrusted to protect them in this most sensitive phase of
childhood.  "Given the seriousness of all the above, we expect the
prosecution in this matter to refrain from further unnecessary delays and at
the very least do their job efficiently - no more and no less."  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/alleged-creche-abuse-owners-face-two-charges-of-assault-20190926