THE South African 10km (27:28) and 21,1km record holder, Stephen Mokoka, has been confirmed as one of the runners who will grace the FNB Durban 10km CitySurfRun on 13 October. No one can deny that Mokoka is in the best shape of his life after running his fifth best ever half marathon time in July to win the national title (60:57). A month ago, he became the second South African to break the 60 minutes when he ran 59:50 in Buenos Aires. His time will become the new SA record as the times of 59:20 and 59:40 of Hendrick Ramaala were run on an aided course. “The FNB Durban 10km always brings fast athletes to South Africa, and it’s one of the reasons why I like racing in Durban,” said Mokoka. “The race is eight days after my marathon in Doha (World Championships), but because of the conditions in Doha, I am not expecting a fast race. So I know I will be ready for Durban. Mokoka is a regular in the Run Your City Series and relishes the competition provided. “It is a great thing what Stillwater Sports is doing. Three big races in a year, good prize money, good competition and we do not need to travel to Europe or elsewhere. That can only be good for us here in South Africa and makes planning your season a lot easier.” Mokoka has raced the Durban race since its inception in 2017, finishing 4th and 6th in 2017 and last year, respectively. On both occasions, Mokoka was the first South African across the finish line. His time of 28:18 last year was also his fourth best time ever over the 10km. Mokoka clearly relishes competing against top international runners. In Buenos Aires, Mokoka ran a 5km personal best in the Half Marathon (13:54) and a Seasons Best in the 10km (28:08 – also his second fastest time ever). He added: “It makes a difference when you run at home. You get this extra feeling of pride to be racing among the best in the world here in South Africa.” The course in Durban is ideal for fast times and is the perfect opportunity for South Africa’s leading athletes to improve on their bests. Add to that mix a deep international field and you have the makings of yet another impressive race.