 GOALS were the order of the day in an action packed opening day of the COPA Coca-Cola U-15 Schools tournament at Umlazi’s King Zwelithini Stadium. The best nine schools from each of the different provinces have gathered in Durban this week to battle it out for the right to be crowned 2019 COPA Coca-Cola champions. And with last year’s champions, Clapham High School, failing to reach the National Finals, new champions will be crowned on the last day the tournament on Saturday. Gauteng representatives, the School of Excellence, are the favourites to clinch the title after they ended Clapham’s dominance in the competition by piping them to a spot in the National Finals. They lived up to expectations by scoring six of the 28 goals scored on the opening day of the completion – setting the tone for the remainder of the tournament. They beat Dr Reginald Cingo High School from the Free State 3-0 in their first outing before brushing aside Ndzondelelo High School from the Eastern Cape by the same score-line later on in the day. Their head coach, Masimanyane Xali, said beating their rivals Clapham in the Provincial Finals was a huge confidence booster and are now hoping to go all the way to win the competition. “They have been beating us for the longest of times, it was nice to finally end their dominance,” said Xali. “I think it also gave the whole school a lift psychologically, their attachment to Sundowns probably gave them the edge over us but I’m glad that we were able to overcome them. “But for this tournament, we want to show people what we can do and how well we can impose ourselves. We pride ourselves on educating our players and giving them a lot of information on how to develop and hopefully become professional players one day.” Other results from the first day of the tournament saw Limpopo’s Northern Academy thump Theron High School from the Northern Cape 4-1 in their first match before edging Masibambane High School from KwaZulu Natal 2-1 in the last match of the day. Day 2 Fixtures StadiumNorthern Academy (Limpopo) v Portland High School (Western Cape) Botlhabelo SS (North West) v School of Excellence (Gauteng) Chief Jerry Nkosi (Mpumalanga) v Northern Academy (Limpopo) Botlhabelo SS (North West) v Ndzondelelo High School (Eastern Cape) Masibambane High School v Chief Jerry Nkosi (Mpumalanga) Field 1 Masibambane High School (KZN) v Theron High School (Northern Cape) Dr Reginald Cingo (Free State) v Ndzondelelo High School (Eastern Cape) School of Excellence (Gauteng) v Dr Reginald Cingo (Free State) Theron High School (Northern Cape) v Portland High School (Western Cape)