The Democratic Alliance intends to lodge a complaint with
the Public Protector to investigate a report that Deputy Finance Minister David
Masondo misused state resources in settling a personal matter.  amaBhungane on Sunday reported that the Hawks had conducted
a sting operation to arrest a woman, Masondo's ex-lover, who has allegedly been
extorting him for money. The amaBhungane report stated that Masondo, who is married
with two children, had been offering the woman money to stay away from his
family.  According to the report, although it is not known when
Masondo approached the police or what charges he laid against the woman, the
Hawks ultimately responded with an undercover operation in which the woman was
arrested for accepting a bag of cash from men – who were supposedly
representing Masondo – but who were really police. Hawks spokesperson Brigadier Hangwani Mulaudzi could not
confirm the operation to Fin24 on Monday and referred queries to the National
Prosecuting Authority. Gauteng NPA spokesperson Phindi Mjonondwane would not
comment until the docket from the investigating officers was returned to the
NPA, she told Fin24.  Neither Treasury nor the Presidency have responded to
Fin24's request for comment on whether action will be taken by either of the
authorities.  However, the DA has put out a statement making it clear that
it intends to refer the incident to the Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane for
further investigation.  "If Masondo did in fact use his influence and abuse his
position, it would be in breach of the Executive Members' Ethics Act, and he
should be investigated for such. The DA will refer this incident to the Public
Protector for further investigation," DA MP and finance spokesperson Dion
George said.  "The Hawks are mandated to target 'serious organised
crime, serious commercial crime and serious corruption' – none of which apply
to the instance of a settlement agreement between individuals who shared a
romantic affair," George said.  "If Masondo is indeed found guilty of abusing his
office and state resources, he is not fit to be part of President Cyril
Ramaphosa’s Executive, especially in the influential and important portfolio of
finance," George added.  https://www.fin24.com/Economy/da-we-will-take-deputy-finance-minister-extortion-claims-to-the-public-protector-20190916