REMEMBER the name, David Notoane! In 2022, “Moholo”, as some of us affectionately call him because of his religious denomination, Notoane is the special key to unlock all the rusty locks to the success of Safa’s Vision 2022. His qualification of the national Under-23 team to the Egypt Under-23 Cup of Nations is an achievement not to be taken lightly. This is one hurdle that Safa can’t afford to trip over, as it carries a lot at stake for the country’s football success. Not even the massive Uefa Coaching qualifications could keep Notoane from mixing with the big boys. He has shown through his work that he is an achiever of note. If ntate Hlaudi Motsoeneng can brag before the Zondo Commission that he was a hit at the SABC without matric, except for the two-week broadcasting course he underwent in 1995 while still freelancer at public broadcaster, then Notoane can move mountains. Motsoeneng said he started small and in earnest to become the brains behind the public broadcaster and claims to have lectured even at the Wits Business School, which would make Notoane a master of his art. Look, he might have not finished his Cosafa Cup journey successfully with Bafana Bafana B-Team months ago, but fact is he went as far as the final hurdle of the so-called Plate-Final – whatever that is. Remember, four years ago when he won the Commonwealth Cup in Russia with Amajita? Going through Notoane’s biography, one can’t help but notice all his successes and achievements with the teams he’s managed, including Mamelodi Sundowns MDC team, Bafana, SA U-20 and U-23s. Allow me to say that South Africa has another Pitso Mosimane in the making. Whether you agree with him or not, like him or not, he’s the future. These are the sort of coaches who need to be pampered by football authorities to produce a weapon of mass destruction that’ll on target in 2022. You see, had Sundowns boss Patrice Motsepe opted to invest in Notoane’s coaching qualifications, then the billionaire wouldn’t be employing the charlatan that today is paraded before Mosimane at Sundowns as his director of academy and scout. Now the recruitment of former Barcelona assistant coach Jose Ramon Alexanko casts a bit of doubt on Trott Moloto’s future, who has been doing a good job at the Brazilians, so far. The recruitment of the 63-year-old Spanish palooka, who floats around with 34 national caps and four goals for Spain, shouldn’the happening. Argh Please maan! But my advice to Notoane: move fast and prepare yourself for the future by collecting all relevant qualifications and take control of your destiny. When Thabo Senong went on to study abroad, many knew he was arming himself with a silver bullet. Unfortunately, Safa and Senong didn’t see eye-to-eye and he was kicked out, following an unsuccessful Fifa U-20 World Cup. Well, Safa were well within their rights not to renew his contract, despite suspicions that go beyond the reasons served before us. But the country’s loss of talent the likes of Senong was victory for Lesotho’s Likoena who tasted the aroma of the well-crafted coffee that was to be enjoyed by Safa. The Lesotho Football Association is the one reaping the rewards. To Safa and Sundowns, don’t lose sight of Notoane. He’s your hope along your journey to success. Khotso!