THREE Mthatha-born fighters featured in Fireworks Promotions boxing are excited about the prospect of displaying their ring craft in front of home crowd. The trio is South African junior welterweight champion Xolani “Tiger” Mcotheli, female national lightweight title holder Ndobayini Kholosa and rising star Lusizi Manzana. A mouth-watering boxing event, presented by Fireworks Promotions in conjunction with Eastern Cape provincial department of sport, will take place at OR Tambo Hall in Mthatha on 22 September. The 30-year-old Mcotheli from Waterfall location in Ngangelizwe is scheduled to put his SA junior welterweight crown on the line against Marcus Lebogo, while Kholosa and Manzana will be involved in non-title contests. Kholosa is expected lock horns with Raider Muleba over eight rounds, and Manzana will square up against Akhona Msindela. Both Mchotheli and Manzana, who have moved from Mthatha to East London in search of more action, fought once in their home turf three years ago, while Ndobayini will do it for the first time. According to the promoter Mlungisi Siyo, bringing local fighters home would serve as inspiration for up-and-coming boxers in the region. “I believe Mthatha is one of the breeding grounds of boxing in the Eastern Cape. That’s why I kept on coming here. Two years ago I stage a tournament here and I promised them that I will be back, even though my return took long,” he said. “It is unfortunately that OR Tambo region is not seeing much of action, so fighters from here look elsewhere for action. Bringing tournaments here will bring hope to up-and-coming boxing stars. “For them seeing their own heroes in action will encourage them to take part in boxing,” said Siyo. Mthatha has produced a handful of boxers such as International Boxing Organisation mini flyweight champion Simphiwe Khonkco, ABU flyweight titlist Bangile Nyangani and former WBA Pan African champion Sikho Nqothole. They all have left Mthatha in a quest to take their boxing careers to the next level.