TIME is running out for Orlando Pirates care-taker coach Rhulani Mokwena as the pressure mounts. Mokwena seems to be struggling to find a winning formula to steer the Buccaneers sinking ship. And the fans are running out of patience as they are starting to doubt his ability. Leaking goals seem to be one of their main problems as they have now conceded eight goals in three matches. New signing, Dutch goalkeeper Joris Delle, who was signed by the club in June after his contract was not renewed by Eredivisie side Feyenoord, seemed not to know the answer as all the eight goals we’re conceded by him. Delle, who made his debut against Chippa United, is arguably one of the weakest links in the Pirates defence. Pirates and City displayed another intriguing game which proved that the standard in the PSL keeps on improving. The two teams played to a thrilling 3-3 draw at Orlando Stadium yesterday. Commonly in the PSL when a team leads by two goals, they usually go all the way and win the match. It is rare to see teams bouncing back from that scoreline but since the season started, it seems to be happening more often we see teams bounce back from 2-0 down to play to a draw or win the game. In less than 10 minutes the visitors, City were 2-0 up after Thabo Nodada scored from outside the box to get his third goal in three matches on the 6th minute. Kermit Erasmus, three minutes later, added the second goal. After conceding the second goal against City, Pirates fans started chanting that the keeper Delle must be substituted as they lost trust in him. Pirates bench did not entertain that as they were deep in thoughts trying to find an answer to City’s early lead. Captain Happy Jele lead by example when his long range shot from outside the box went past City goalkeeper Peter Leeuwenburgh to makes it 2-1. On form Tshegofatso Mabasa’s effort in the 45 minute, just before half-time sent the noisy home contingent wild to makes it 2-2. Alfred Ndengane puts the home team in the lead on the 57 minute. Pirates looked home and dry with maximum points until the 85 minutes where Shane Roberts got an equaliser for the visitors. This was a crucial encounter for the two teams as both sides are currently going through a dry spell.