FORMER Kaizer Chiefs striker Fani Madida warned his former club they should not start celebrating just yet. Madida was commenting on Amakhosi’s blistering start to the Absa Premiership season that has seen them collect 10 points from four matches. But Madida stressed Chiefs need to start winning trophies again. He added Chiefs must maintain this early form in order to bring back their winning culture. Chiefs are enjoying their best start since the they last won the double under coach Stuart Baxter in the 2014-15 season. Madida is a club legend and one of the finest strikers to have played for the Glamour Boys. He scored a record 28 league goals and 34 in all competitions in the 1991 season when Chiefs lifted the championship that season having played 34 games and collected 57 points. During that era the league had 18 teams. Speaking at the launch of his foundation Didiza34 to help the country’s youth, Madida said: “I believe Chiefs are going back to their glory days. “But let’s not talk about the last couple of years where Chiefs won nothing. But so far so good, they are doing well. The road is still far though, it is still a long way to go before the end of the season.” The Didiza34 Foundation, the 34 refers to the goals he scored in 1991, aims to use sports, education and cultural activities to help young people and also equip them and their communities with the necessary tools they will need to succeed in life. The foundation will kick-off in Madida’s home town Newcastle in KwaZulu-Natal. Said Madida: “Through the foundation, we want to educate people using sport. It is not the norm that women are killed, abused or raped in this country.” The Didiza34 Foundation will host a fund raising event on 12 October 2019 in Sandton, starting with a corporate 5-a-side challenge in the morning and ending with gala dinner that has been dubbed “A Night of with Fani Madida.” Proceeds from the event will go towards the upgrading of sports facilities in Newcastle and future events Madida is planning with his partners.