The
National Prosecuting Authority says it has withdrawn sexual assault charges
against former Western Cape ANC chairperson Marius Fransman. NPA
national spokesperson Bulelwa Makeke said on Wednesday that there had been
informal mediation between the parties. She said
the prosecutor was satisfied that the complainant was in full agreement on
withdrawing the matter and the charges of sexual assault and crimen injuria. Had there
been a serious sexual offence charge with an attached minimum sentence, such as
rape, the matter would never have been considered for withdrawal, she added. In December
2018, regional NPA spokesperson Phaladi Shuping said they had decided to
prosecute Fransman on two charges of crimen injuria and sexual assault. The
complainant, Louisa Wynand, had asked the police to investigate a case of
sexual assault in January 2016 while the ANC was holding birthday celebrations
in the North West. The NPA had
been in contact with its provincial branches to centralise the case, as some of
the incidents had allegedly also taken place in the Western Cape, Shuping said. Following
the incident in 2016, the ANC's National Disciplinary Committee eventually
announced that it had found Fransman guilty on two counts of misconduct after a
protracted disciplinary process, which had also gone to court. Fransman
had denied the accusations. Wynand's
spokesperson Gavin Wildschutt-Prins said that he could confirm the matter
between his client and Fransman was before the courts on Wednesday. "However,
I am not in a position to comment on today's proceedings. I humbly ask that the
privacy of my client be respected," said Wynand's spokesperson Gavin
Wildschutt-Prins. The ANC
suspended Fransman's membership for five years. Interim
provincial committee convener Lerumo Kaloko said in a statement on Wednesday
that they did not know the details, terms and conditions of the withdrawal,
except that it was between Fransman and Wynand. "It
would not be prudent for us to make authoritative remarks at this stage,
understanding that cases that are withdrawn by the NPA, and not out of a court
process, always have a potential of being reinstated," said Kaloko. The ANC
said that Fransman's suspension was based on this case. It said
Fransman had the right to apply for a withdrawal of the suspension of his
membership and reapply to the relevant structures of the organisation. At the
time, Wynand said she was glad that the ANC process had been finalised. "I am
especially relieved for my family who has been my constant pillar and support
structure throughout this time," she told News24. "This
is one small step on our road to victory. No woman in this country should go
through the abuse I suffered. I am still picking up the pieces, but I am
stronger, now more than ever." The
embattled leader said at the time what was happening to him was becoming a
joke. "If it
wasn't serious, I would have thought it was an [April Fools'] joke," he
said, calling the whole disciplinary hearing a kangaroo court. SOURCE: NEWS24