IT takes a lot to please Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane! Any player, who wants to be on Mosimane’s good books, must be a hard worker, he must be able to take a good care of himself and deliver when he is on the pitch. Mosimane wants a player who will dedicate his time and efforts to the club and give his best in the pitch. Failure to display these attributes the player will be quickly shipped out of the Brazilians set-up. Mosimane says that he has no sympathy for players, who leave the club due to poor performance and still go around seeking for public sympathy for the way in which they were treated at the club. Mosimane is tired is of players going around accusing him of not giving them game time knowing that they failed to perform at the club. The Brazilians gave former Kaizer Chiefs midfielder George Lebese a clearance to allow him to join a club of his choice as a free agent. They loaned out deadly New Zealand striker Jeremy Brockie to Maritzburg United. Mosimane was unapologetic for letting the duo go. The former African coach of the year in 2016 broke his silence about the pair’s controversial departure at the Tshwane based giants. Mosimane said: “Kaizer Chiefs signed 11 or 13 players last season, where are they? Bidvest Wits signed many players last season, where are they? "We gave Lebese and Brockie a chance to play and when things don’t work out the players tend to say other things. I don’t victimise players because I don’t like them as a person. "I am a football person and my common objective is to win games. I don’t have an agenda with a player. We are not in a popularity contest, we are in a football environment. If the player is good and is playing well, he will be given a chance to play.” Mosimane said Lebese had issues with his mental strength. Explained Mosimane: “He spent more than a year with us and was given a chance and didn’t deliver. Same with Brockie he didn’t deliver. Players know that there is lot of competition at Downs, it’s not a charity organisation where we feel sorry and say that ‘he didn’t play last week and let’s give him a chance to play this week’. "Whoever influences the club to win the game, has more chances of being on the pitch.” 