IT will certainly take a miracle for Pitso Mosimane to deliver the elusive MTN8 Cup for Mamelodi Sundowns. For the sixth time now, the Brazilians coach still can’t crack top-eight conundrum as Sundowns crashed 2-0 (3-1 on aggregate) to city rivals SuperSport United in their semifinal tie at Lucas Moripe Stadium last night. Credit to Matsatsantsa for their resilience and grit, through which they booked themselves a cup final date with Highlands Park to be played at Orlando Stadium on 5 October (6pm). Victory was through goals from Teboho Mokoena and Jamie Webber. But it is worth noting that the rivalry between these two sides in Cup competitions goes some way back, notably when SuperSport made it a habit of knocking their illustrious opponents out of major tournaments. The team’s winning culture started under Pitso Mosimane when he led Matsatsantsa to three cup finals. And it was always going to take a massive effort for him to go past his former side and breeze into his second MTN8 Cup final with Sundowns. Glory in the top-eight has been eluding him. And it certainly didn’t look like it would end sadly for Mosimane, his side having come into the match with a crucial away goal from the first leg. But it was United who took the lead, getting off to a bright start with an early 12th minute when Mokoena rammed in low from a rebound. But it was chief tormentor, Thamsanqa Gabuza, who played a major role in the victory. The former Orlando Pirates and Bafana Bafana assisted in the two goals. First teeing off Mokoena and later fed Jamie Webber for the second, with five minutes left on the clock. The two goals were in between the many futile attempts from Sundowns to get back into the game. Tried as they could, the Brazilians could find the equaliser, Hlompho Kekana and Lebohang Maboe squandering some of the chances created. Mosimane’s men just couldn’t fire, certainly not on a night United flourished. In fact, it could have been all over for Sundowns has Sipho Mbule not skied a shot from a rebound on the hour mark. Matsatsantsa will contest their third MTN8 Cup final in the three years.