CHRISTIAN believers claim they found a holy mountain that should be reserved for prayer. And they claim they’ve found evil objects in their holy place of worship. BUT TRADITIONAL PEOPLE CLAIM THEY TOO ARE ENTITLED TO THE MOUNTAIN. Sangomas say many symbols and objects are used in traditional worship. They say these are just evil symbols to people who don’t understand tradition.  The SunTeam visited Kwele Mountain in Brits, North West, and found coloured candles, knives, beads and other strange objects. Prophet Absalom Letebele of Ramotsepe Word of Faith Mission in Modikwe said he won’t rest until he defeats what he called the evil spirits that rule the mountain. “I’ll fight all evil until this becomes a holy and respected place again,” he said. “All the incidents happening in this place are related to witchcraft.” Prophet Absalom said God revealed to him on 24 August that he should climb the mountain to pray. The prophet said when he reached the summit, he found knives, different coloured candles, salt, beads and needles.  “This is for evil practices This place is also not for sangomas,” he said. Absalom said some people go there at night and start fires that can destroy the environment. “There are even crosses made of stones and knives,” said Absalom. “All these practices are causing suffering in the village.” Community member Daniel Thage (56) said rituals and practices that were being performed in the mountain cause a lot of suffering. But sangoma Patrice Modipa said the mountain didn’t belong to anyone. “People who do rituals there are not doing anything evil,” he said. “They’re just following their ancestral demands.” Sangoma Kholeka Dlamini said: “Sangomas do rituals in the mountain to connect with their ancestors.” She said sangomas ordinarily use candles, snuff and traditional beer when they want to talk to the ancestors. According to Dlamini, sangomas also cleanse people’s bad luck from the mountain top. “But they don’t leave knives in mountains,” she told the People’s Paper.