FOLLOWING Steve Komphela’s retribution on Luc Eymael by advising PSL clubs not to employ the Belgian in South Africa again, the former Tala’ea El Gaish coach has apologised. Komphela, Golden Arrows coach, picked up on a question posed to AmaZulu coach Cavin Johnson about his job being at risk, and Eymael rumoured to be his successor. “That one (Eymael) must not come to South Africa,” charged Komphela after Arrows’ 1-1 draw with AmaZulu at the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Saturday. “Eymael must stay where he is. But if people want to learn more about (our) history, then they must bring him back to South Africa. “No, I’m not being disrespectful. Eymael disrespected people tremendously, and this nation will be so naive, close to stupid, if they were to allow such a man to come and work here. “(How do) you give a man the respect, the resources that belong to our country when he thinks so little of us? “Firstly he insulted Free State Stars and again ordered two teams must employ him. Where there is a lack of disrespect then diplomacy must be minimal. The media will not fire us if there is no one waiting with a placard saying I am looking for a job. We can blame media and everybody else, yes they are a part of us and partly to blame. But I fail to understand why someone would say he is looking for your job while you’re still employed.”Despite having apologised, Eymael, speaking to SunSport from Tongeren in Belgium yesterday, said he is a Christian and never meant to offend anyone. This is when he poked fun at Komphela back in the 2017-18 PSL season when he suggested that he has never lost to a team (Kaizer Chiefs) that employ a 3-5-2 formation.“I never said anything wrong... ” explained Eymael.“I am not the only coach available in South Africa. I know there is a lot looking for jobs. But I wonder why is he (Komphela) focussing on me like that. Why does he hate me that much?“But we make mistakes as human beings... or my words could have been misunderstood or misinterpreted. If I hurt anyone then I want to apologise.“We are all human beings of different qualities and weaknesses, but we must learn to forgive. They say, forgive your neighbour.”However, Eymael, who is also gunning for the Zambia national team job, hit back by suggesting that Komphela has no authority to order clubs not to hire him. “I think no chairman of any club would be told by someone who to employ, especially if he has a good good record,” Eymael said.“We all deserve to work and deserve a chance.”He indirectly told Komphela: “... before judging and criticising someone, I think you have to get to know him really well.“Personally I have never looked at other coaches as enemies, but just opponents of opposition teams.” 