An Alexandra resident, Melissa Mzizi, says the police are
doing little to help. Her family's RDP house was taken over by a group of 40
people who allegedly attacked her husband and occupied their home. On Saturday, the group reportedly attacked the family in an
attempt to kick them out of the home. Mzizi's husband was taken to hospital
after he was hit in the head with an axe. Alexandra police have since arrested five people. The rest
remain in the house. President Cyril Ramaphosa said his apology to Zimbabweans
over the weekend was a must after xenophobic attacks over the last two weeks
tarnished South Africa's international reputation. Mzizi also said the group had also come to her house the
week before, while she was at a neighbour's house. While they were unsuccessful in their attempts to get the
house, Mzizi said a man threatened her and her daughter. Outnumbered She said the man was not one of the five arrested on
Saturday when the group once again returned. This time, Mzizi felt outnumbered, and started gathering her
belongings, with the people throwing the rest of her things into the street. She said while she was inside the house she, "heard a
noise outside like when people see something or when they're fighting,"
Mzizi recalled. "I had to run outside and that's when I saw they were
hitting my husband. He was already on the floor and they were hitting him,
about 20-something people. All I saw was blood everywhere. I screamed: 'What
are you doing to my] husband? Why do you want to kill him?'" Mzizi said they stopped after this but her husband was
already bleeding profusely. The mob allegedly beat her husband with sticks and took an
axe to the back of his head. According to Mzizi, the family went to Alexandra police
station to get help but were made to wait two hours before an ambulance came.
Her husband was in and out of consciousness as he laid his head on Mzizi's lap. She claimed the police refused to take them to the clinic
"in case something bad happened" on the way. When the ambulance finally arrived, Mzizi's husband was
given 14 stitches and medication. They returned to the police station to open a
case and seek assistance to get their house back. Naturalised South African When police arrived at the house with Mzizi's husband,
however, the group of people were allegedly drinking alcohol, singing and
cooking Mzizi's food. She added that when the police went into the house, the
group started to break the windows, saying: "We don't want foreigners in
South Africa." Mzizi's husband is from Zimbabwe and a naturalised South
African. The family have since taken refuge at Mzizi's employer's
house, where she is a domestic worker. She said this was not first time this has happened to her
family, saying the attacks started in December 2018 when a group of 100 people
showed up at her house to force them out. Every time the police arrest them, they are released again,
Mzizi said. She suspects that the group and the police are in cahoots,
as nothing is ever done. "I have no proof but actions speak louder than words.
Everyone has been crying about this issue but no one has been helped," she
said. "I told myself that this is my home, this is where my
children will have peace and happiness. I didn't pay rent, nothing. I was happy
there… My heart is there," Mzizi said. "Honestly, I want the police to do their job, number
one, to protect people. Number two, to take the cases seriously, when I open a
case they must follow it. "We opened a case in June [but] they didn't want to
give us the case number…" "Last week, I went to open another case only to find
out that the case I opened in June had been withdrawn from the court. The
detective didn't tell us that," Mzizi said. "The same guys who had been arrested for the case are
the same guys who came to my house last week Sunday to tell us that, 'Even if
we get arrested we will come out.' They are the same guys who came this week
and hit my husband," Mzizi said. South African Police Service (SAPS) spokesperson, Captain
Kay Makhubele, told News24 that he was unsure about the suspects being arrested
and released. "We will profile them and see if they were arrested
before and if there are outstanding cases against them," he said. As to why the police did not help the family when their
belongings were thrown onto the street, Makhubele said: "The police are
not allocating houses. Police are enforcing the law… we don't tell people to
get into the house, or go out of the house." SOURCE: NEWS24