IT is an open secret that Rhulani Mokwena turned down several job offers, including Bafana Bafana, to remain with Orlando Pirates. But the Orlando Pirates coach repeated these known facts to reiterate his loyalty to the Buccaneers. Mokwena has explained he is neither “looking over his shoulders” fearing for his job, nor wilting under pressure to deliver for the success-starved Bucs. “I could have been at Bafana Bafana. I didn’t go. I had job offers to go somewhere else to be head coach. I didn’t go, for Pirates,” said Mokwena, sitting alongside skipper Happy Jele, Thembinkosi Lorch and Siphesihle Ndlovu at a press conference yesterday. “So, if you speak of loyalty, the actions themselves should speak. I’m not looking over my shoulders, but I continue to serve and help this great institution get back where it belongs. “I’m Orlando Pirates until Orlando Pirates says I’m no longer Orlando Pirates. I grew up being part of this club. I’m prepared to be thrown in the fire if that’s what is best for the club.” Mokwena’s position, however, remains under intense scrutiny as the stuttering Buccaneers return to the league action this weekend. Four games have passed without a win, two under Mokwena’s stewardship, making Saturday’s Absa Premiership fixture against Chippa United at Orlando Stadium (3pm) all the more crucial. But more importantly, the team needs the win to lift gloom after they crashed out of the MTN8 Cup and the Caf Champions League. “We will come out of this situation. We are very confident that we will rise above,” Mokwena said. “We’ve dominated games and we could have won all three. The trajectory is upward and positive. Where we are at the moment is not the true reflection of the quality we possess in this squad.” Mokwena had a two-week “mini” pre-season, thanks to the Fifa international break. And it seems he dedicated half of it to studies on the Chilli Boys. He added: “Chippa are a difficult team to analyse. There are two key thumb prints. There is still the Dan Malesela approach, which is of patient build-up and possession retention. “And there’s the Larsen (Clinton) approach. But we’ve done our homework, we know about the influences of Kurt Lentjies, Meshack Maphangule, Mbenyane (Andile) playing behind Lerato Manzini.”