Nine students at the Durban University of Technology (DUT)
have been arrested after trying to set a security guard on fire and burning
property on Wednesday, police have said.  A group of students embarked on the protest action outside
the main Steve Biko campus in the early hours of the morning.  Police spokesperson Brigadier Jay Naicker said a maintenance
room and two security guard houses had been set alight.  "The students attacked a 27-year-old security guard who
works at the tertiary institution. They assaulted him, poured petrol on him and
attempted to set him alight. He was rescued by his colleagues who witnessed the
attack. He sustained severe injuries and was conveyed to hospital for medical
attention."  Naicker said police were alerted of the attack and managed
to apprehend nine students, aged between 20 and 30.  "They will be charged for attempted murder, malicious
damage to property and public violence. They will appear in the Durban
Magistrate's Court soon. The situation is under control and police officers
from Berea SAPS, as well as the Public Order Police Unit, are at the scene to
monitor the situation."  Recently-appointed provincial commissioner Lieutenant
General Khombinkosi Jula condemned the violence.  "As [police], we will not hesitate to arrest those who
are found to have contravened the law. We reiterate that no grievance can ever
justify students breaking the law and endangering the lives of other citizens. We
call on students to raise their grievances within the confines of the
law," he said.  DUT spokesperson Alan Khan condemned the incident saying
actions by the group of students resulted in "destruction of property and
the threats and intimidation to students and staff at some of our campuses in
Durban this morning".  "The university strongly condemns this criminal
behaviour, which included the use of petrol bombs, that has sadly resulted in
the destruction of much needed university infrastructure. The university is
aware that the police have arrested several protesters following the violence
and destruction this morning."  Khan said they were aware of reports that protesters tried
to set one of their security officers alight.  "We thank the police and the security team for
responding in a manner that saved the security guard from this vicious attack.
DUT officials are currently conducting an assessment of the full extent of the
damage to property."  He further advised the SRC and the protesting students to "act
within the confines of the law and to please respect the rights of students who
want to study and to not intimidate the members of staff, who want to teach and
keep the campuses and residences operational".  "The university remains committed to securing a
conducive and safe environment for teaching and learning, particularly during
this critical phase of our academic programme."  Student Representative Council Thamsanqa Memela did not
respond to request for comment.  The protest action comes after 18-year-old student Sandile
Ndlovu was brutally stabbed in the head while studying in a lecture room last
week.  Earlier this year, student Mlungisi Mandonsela was shot and
killed, allegedly by a security guard contracted to the university.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/pics-9-dut-students-arrested-after-trying-to-set-guard-alight-police-20190918 