THAMSANQA Gabuza’s departure from Orlando Pirates has been a SuperSport United’s gain! The burly Gabuza has been a huge addition to SuperSport, says club captain Dean Furman. The former Golden Arrows striker looks a revived man since he joined the Tshwane giants from Pirates before the season got underway. The 32-year-old’s hold up play to allow the runners to sweep around has been effective. This time it is not only that, but he‘s also scoring goals. He’s top scorer in the MTN8 with three goals so far. He powered home a header in a 1-1 draw against Mamelodi Sundowns in the first leg of the Wafa Wafa cup at Lucas Moripe Stadium. But the way things are looking up for him at SuperSport, it looks like he can match his best scoring feat of his previous which was at Arrows where he netted eight goals in 2011-20 season. “I’ve worked with Gabuza at Bafana, so I knew exactly what we were getting,” revealed Furman. “I knew we were getting a powerhouse of a striker. Unfortunately, he doesn’t get the goals that his performance deserves.” This form is a far contrast to his time at Pirates in the few seasons before he was let go. The whole of last season, Gabuza failed to score in the league. Only his goal came in the Caf Champions League preliminary rounds against Light Stars of Seychelles in December last year. Added Furman: “The game against Baroka FC (2-0 win on 28 August), sadly wasn’t on TV, because he was unbelievable. "He just bulldozed everyone. The way he held the ball up, chasing lost courses, his character everyone knows about it. "He’s fantastic to have him in the dressing room. “We have accepted him with an open arms. He’s playing with full of confidence.” Despite having not netted in the league so far, Gabuza assisted striker partner Bradley Grobler against Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium last month to see his side salvage the draw. A long searching ball forward, Gabuza nicely held it up away from his marker and saw Grobler on the blindside to set him up and the Bafana striker didn’t need any second invitation to put it away. “There’s nice partnership with him and Bradley,” added Furman. “If Bradley is getting the goals and Gabuza doing the not so nice stuff, great. But he has been fantastic to us and his performance has been very, very good.” 