THE feeling of scoring the winning penalty that booked Highlands Parks’ first domestic cup final in 36 years has not yet sunk in for Mokete Mogaila. The speedy winger scored the winning penalty in a 4-3 shootout win over Polokwane City to reach the MTN8 final after neither side scored in the two legged semi-final Highlands were one of the most successful clubs in the early days of professional soccer. They dominated Mzansi football in the 60’s and 70’s. Mogaila was hero for the re-born Highlands, who last appeared in a major cup final when they lost to Orlando Pirates 3-1 in 1983. Highlands gained promotion to the PSL two seasons ago. The new-look Siyabahlaba/Siyabangena celebrated their first milestone when they registered their victory over City at Makhulong Stadium on Tuesday. The hero on the night, Mogaila feels like he can pinch himself to check if he is dreaming or not. Mogaila, a third-year mathematics science student at the University of Johannesburg, was given the huge responsibility to score the winning penalty in sudden death against Rise and Shine. Two seasons ago, he was voted as the best player in Varsity Football after he helped UJ to reach the university cup final. Mogaila (24) was battling to hold back his tears as he described the win against the Limpopo based outfit as the biggest “highlight of his career”. “It was a big stage for me, but I could feel it in my blood when I touched the ball that it was going to go in as I had practised penalties in training.” But the Limpopo born right-wing said he will cherish the moment forever. “I just can’t believe that it’s me, who scored that winning penalty in such a big game.” His coach Owen Da Gama said credit must be given to the team. Da Gama said: “It’s all about the collective not about me. For us it’s not about individuals, I’m part of the team. The spotlight should go to the players, they made the club proud and we are looking forward to playing our first major cup final after two years of being promoted to the top-flight.”