WELL over two years ago The Grand Tour co-host Richard Hammond made it very clear and public that he hates the Nissan Juke. “I hate the Nissan Juke. I hate it with a physical passion, a gut-wrenching, colon-knotting, visceral twist that threatens to disrupt my digestive tract and direct bile into my heart,has shown face.” said at the time.  Wherever Hammond is, he must be cringing at the news that a Nissan Juke Well, whether Hammond likes it or not the compact crossover that makes him have a gut-wrenching twist is very popular with buyers. The old Juke sold well over 1 million units since it defined the compact crossover segment 9 years ago.  Its sleek coupe crossover lines and an athletic stance coupled with increased roominess and a modern interior made it popular. Almost a decade after it set the bar for compact crossovers through its distinctive personality and emphasis on fun, the next-generation Nissan JUKE has arrived to reinvent the segment once again.  The all-new JUKE delivers new levels of performance and technology, within a striking yet roomier coupe crossover body. "Nissan JUKE is back with its unique identity, even more character, exciting performance and advanced technology that responds to drivers' needs," said Ponz Pandikuthira, Nissan Europe Vice President, Product Planning.  "The new design and exciting driving experience will appeal to the growing number of customers opting for compact crossovers. The JUKE has grown up, while still retaining the fun-to-drive qualities that have always made it stand out." The JUKE returns to set a new standard in the B-crossover segment with larger dimensions and an athletic stance, striking 19-inch alloy wheels and coupe style 'floating roof' design.  It is equipped with full LED technology as standard, the latest JUKE retains its iconic circular headlamps alongside with new Y-shaped signature which complements Nissan's V-Motion grille. An exclusive body colour, Fuji Sunset, now completes the line-up of 11 colours. The sporty JUKE is designed for agility, but the all-new coupe crossover has also grown up. Dimensions are now 4,210 mm length; 1,595 mm height and a width of 1,800 mm for better roominess while remaining compact and lighter by 23 kg. ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES The JUKE is now loaded with Nissan's infotainment and driver assistance technology. Featuring Nissan Intelligent Mobility technology, the new model is the most connected Nissan ever.  Nissan's advance ProPILOT technology, which offers electronically assisted steering, acceleration and braking, will be available on the JUKE for the first time. Designed for highway use in single-lane traffic, the ProPILOT system accelerates and slows downs for the driver to maintain the right distance and speed and also keeps the car centred within the lane. To make JUKE drivers' lives even easier, Google Assistant compatibility gives them control over functions including vehicle lights and sending destinations to the car's navigation system by talking to their smart device.  Drivers and passengers can also play louder with the Bose Personal Plus sound system. With eight powerful speakers – including two sets of Bose UltraNearfield speakers integrated into both front seats’ headrests – listeners can enjoy immersive music in ultra-clear definition. 