The EFF leader Julius Malema has called Parliament to make laws that will allow the insourcing of workers by government institutions. Speaking during a debate that he brought to the House, Malema said:“Today we carry the mandate of cleaners and security guards, we provide the way-forward that benefits the poor of our masses, develop the state and save money,” said Malema.  The EFF leader said there is a need to teach ANC how to create a developmental state that delivers for its. “Everything that the state does is done through private companies appointed through tenders. Today government spend an estimated R800 billion through tenders,” said Malema. Malema said government awards tenders to simple services such as security and cleaning services something that could be simply done by insourcing of workers. He said tenders are “Inflated prices and corruption are one part of the problem with tenders, the other problem is that these companies make our people work under terrible conditions, with long hours, no medical aid and are paid below a living wage,” said Malema. He said the same plight of not having benefits is also suffered by some workers who work as contract workers at state owned entities and these workers must be insourced. Malema said in Johanessberg, through the intervention of the EFF, security guards, cleaners are now insourced and getting decent wage of R10 000 with medical aid and other benefits. Responding on behalf of the ANC Lusizo Makhubela-Mashele said the ANC has adequately diagnosed the challenges confronting the state and make concerete proposals to build a capable state. “What our colleagues from the EFF need to understand is that building capable state will be a gradual process, which needs careful implementation. Insourcing therefore, must be coupled with quality assurance measures to ensure that the state is able to improve its capacity in providing services to serve its people,” said Makhubela-Mashele. There was a near-fight incident when Malema left the podium going back to his place. There was a confrontation between the EFF leader and the DA members but it is not clear what the argument was about.  EFF members stood in their numbers as they joined their leader. The presiding officer had to be involved to cool down the matter.