HUMAN trafficking is a very serious problem in Mzansi and across the world. Women and children are at particularly high risk of being traded and prostituted. Major Margaret Stafford, co-ordinator for anti-human trafficking at the Salvation Army, opened up to SunWellbeing. Stafford said they had embarked on a partnership with Reebok SA, which ends next month. The aim is to raise awareness about the alarming human trafficking statistics. Reebok has been raising funds to aid the campaign and will involve customers to be part of the campaign and solution. Ten percent of the company’s sales revenue across reebok.co.za and Concept stores last month was donated to the Salvation Army. “The topic of human trafficking is not spoken about enough,” he said. “It’s rife in our society and can happen to anyone, even in our neighbourhoods. “We hope that through this campaign, we can address the situation head-on.” People are trafficked for various reasons including sexual exploitation, labour, ukuthwala, organ selling, mining and slavery. “There are even people who are trafficked into mining. The ones we refer to as zama-zamas. Some are forced to go underground and work for kingpins,” she said. We live in a culture where kids are free to move around, and traffickers use this to their advantage Major Margaret Stafford, co-ordinator for anti-human trafficking at the Salvation Army, opened up to SunWellbeing.The 2016 Global Slavery Index estimates 248 700 people live in conditions of modern slavery in Mzansi. But numbers and statistics are a superficial way of trying to understand the seriousness and complexity of the issue. In Mzansi the increase, especially in the sex trade is a part of a ripple effect of poverty, racism, unemployment, inequality and most importantly education. What is more alarming is that human trafficking is said to be the largest profit-making crime in the world, superseding by drug trafficking and there are currently around 27-million people enslaved in the world today. You can take part in the campaign through Twitter and Facebook by using the hashtag #StopHumanTrafficking.Stafford said back to the basics, using ROAR, remember the basics of what you were taught growing up, observe around you, who lives next door, be aware by listening to your body and run - drop, grab the feet and scream for help. “We cannot be a country that loses people and they just become stats,” she said.