AXED Chippa United coach Clinton Larsen admits to having learnt the hard way that “patience is not a fair trade in small club”, following his parting of ways with the Eastern Cape PSL club. Their 2-1 loss to Orlando Pirates, which was the first win for Rhulani Mokwena, at the weekend was the last straw for the trigger-happy Siviwe Mpengesi, the well known Chippa army commander, who released his silver bullet on Larsen. Well, the firing of Larsen doesn’t come as a surprise to many football fans in the country. They always associate Mpengesi with firing of coaches, something that can be seen as his pleasure in pulling a trigger on people’s careers. Late on Sunday night Mpengesi held a short meeting with Larsen and apparently told him: “Look, it is not working for you and me. We must rather part ways.” This is what the 48-year-old Larsen told SunSport yesterday that Mpengesi said to him when they untied the knot that was united last season. “We, as coaches, are getting used to it.“You will always be surprised when you are told bad news that you never expected. But all was purely based on the results, and as always, people panic – like in this case,” Larsen said.. “I have brought in a lot of changes to this club and things were starting to look good. But patience is not a fair trade with small teams. People don’t consider what others have been doing behind the scenes. Life is not fair. “I always remind people of Pitso (Mosimane) at his stay at Mamelodi Sundowns where things did not start well, but they stuck with him, and look at them today. “The same can be said about Gavin Hunt at Bidvest Wits. In the eight months I have been at Chippa, I development a youth structure that is now more functional. I whittled down their bloated squad from 35 players down to a manageable 27. There is a lot of positives that I leave behind at Chippa.” The former Bloemfontein Celtic and Golden Arrows coach said he is not the one to beg for a job. “I am not like that,” he emphasised. “I don’t go around begging for jobs, it is unlike me. Best of luck to them for the future. I heard that they have already appointed a new coach.” Former defender Duran Francis is rumoured to be holding the fort at the club, until a replacement is found. Larsen replaced Joel Masutha in January, who was also fired.