The case of the murder of a South African National Defence
Force soldier took a shocking twist on Thursday when it was revealed the
teenager, who stands accused with four adults, has also been linked to a rape
case.  The 15-year-old may not be named because he is a minor.  Prosecutor Nathan Adriaanse told the Blue Downs Magistrate's
Court that a Kuils River police officer had linked him to an unrelated rape
case in 2018.  The teen and four others are accused of killing Staff
Sergeant Michael Njomane. The teen and one of the adult accused were in court
on Thursday for a prospective bail application.  Njomane's body was found in the boot of a burned out
government car in Blue Downs on August 18.  The teen appeared in court on Thursday with his mother
sitting close to him as his responsible guardian. He stood a distance away in
the dock from one of his co-accused, dressed in old, but neat clothing.  His co-accused indicated to the court he had decided to get
a lawyer after originally opting to speak for himself. A tattoo of a crown
containing the number 26 was visible on his neck when his T-shirt shifted as he
held his hand up.  The adults may also not be named, filmed or photographed, by
court order.  The case was postponed to Friday in the same court for a
social worker to prepare a report on the teenager relating to the latest charge
against him.  It is understood he is wanted for the alleged gang-rape of
two school girls who were walking across a field last year.  Two people have already been arrested in that case, and
Kuils River police had been searching for him to add him to the case.  The court also granted two members of Njomane's family
permission to attend the case on condition that they do not mention the
teenager's name to anybody.  They had made a special request to the court because it is
sitting in camera.  The boy's mother had objected to them being allowed to be
present because they would see what she looked like, and possibly threaten or
harm her on her way out of the court building, she believed.  The court heard that although this was her fear, she had not
been threatened by them, so it gave the family permission for two people to
attend the in camera sessions on condition that they do not also threaten or
harm her.  The teenager and the adult had been expected to bring a bail
application on Thursday but the new charge against the minor and the adult's
decision to get a lawyer led to the bail application being put on hold.  The other three accused will appear via a prison AVR feed in
November.  The teenager and the adult will appear again on Friday for a
bail application and after that, the teenager will appear with his two
co-accused in the rape case. http://https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/15-year-old-in-soldiers-murder-case-also-faces-unrelated-rape-charge-20190919