LIFE HAS become a little easier for the women who offer their services along the main road. Patrolling cops have helped reduce the violence and abuse the ladies of the night face every day. “IT’S NICE THAT COPS HAVE STARTED LOOKING AFTER US,” SAID ONE MAGOSHA. “We are happy that cops we are happy that cops have finally opened their hearts and see us as people and are protecting us.” Magoshas, who’re often attacked and robbed of their money as they stand on the road, told Daily Sun that lately cops had taken it upon themselves to look after them. “They patrol the area every now and then,” said Fortune. “We enjoy the working relationship we have with them. “We’re happy that the crooked cops that used to rob us are gone.” Daily Sun visited the area not far from Alberton Road, near Vosloorus in Ekurhuleni, on Wednesday and noticed police vans patrolling the area. Magoshas said they felt safer. “Our clients also aren’t scared anymore when they pick us up,” said Precious Msawonke, who’s been a magosha for more than 10 years. “They’re no longer worried that the cops will follow them.” Another magosha said fellow workers had been robbed, beaten and killed while servicing clients in the bushes. “The cops used to find us in the bushes servicing our clients, and you had to pay R200 before being released,” said Sarah Tau. Peter Mulder, who owns a house in the area, said he charges magoshas R10 a session to use his beds. “I don’t make much, but it helps put bread on the table,” he said. “I’m happy that cops are patrolling to keep the ladies safe.” Daily Sun spoke to customers who’d just picked up magoshas near the Alberton Road, but they were worried about being identified. “We’re happy that cops are no longer harassing us, but please don’t take our photos because our wives will divorce us,” said one customer. Dawn Park cops spokeswoman Constable Nkemeleng Mabula said: “We’ve been patrolling the area since early this year because it’s part of our policing area.” She said since cops started patrolling, they hadn’t received complaints from magoshas about being robbed. “We’ll keep patrolling the area to keep them safe,” she said. “We advise them to come forward and not be afraid to visit the police station if they have problems.”