MAMELODI SUNDOWNS will take their players for counselling before they travel to the Seychelles to face Cote d’or for their Caf Champions League’s second round first-leg encounter on Saturday. The xenophobic attacks that have hit some parts of Mzansi, have unsettled members of the Brazilians squad, leading them to fear for their lives. Coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane admitted his players were left shaken by the riots that has seen foreign nationals getting injured and others losing their lives. As the sole representative of Mzansi in the premium club competition on the continent, Mosimane said the mood in the 2016 African Champions’ camp, was dominated by fear. Mosimane said the club has taken measures to bring professionals to ensure the players will be mentally and physically prepared for their African safari. Said Mosimane: “We can’t take it for granted that everything will be alright and leave it like that. “It’s up to us as a club to come out and denounce this barbaric attack that has left many scared, violated and fearing for their lives. “We’ll hold counselling sessions with the players and their families to make them aware of the situation. We also need intervention from everyone as well as leaders in the country. “As Sundowns, we want to put these measures in place to make sure we don’t have problems going forward, especially when we go out of the country,” he added. “The mood in the camp is tense and you never know what the players are thinking. We can’t blame them. “This is not just about the club, it’s about the players and their families.” Mosimane said the fact that this unfortunate xenophobic attack happened during the Fifa International break when the PSL is not in full swing, is a blessing in disguise. He said: “It’s a good and a bad thing. “It’s good in a sense that it’s given us enough us time to prepare for it and spread out important messages of support as coaches and clubs.” Mosimane hinted that he might take some of his fringe players to the small island. On paper, the Brazilians are expected to beat the minnows. Mosimane has one eye on their MTN8 Wafa Wafa semi-final second leg clash in the Tshwane derby against SuperSport United. “If we aren’t careful, we might be eliminated for taking them for granted,” said Mosimane. “I’ll select a competitive team, at the same time acknowledge that on paper they’re not a powerhouse of African football.”