IT is quite reassuring to hear Springboks coach Rassie Erasmus talk about winning the Rugby World Cup, despite their poor start to the 2019 finals in Japan. No team has ever won the World Cup, having lost their opening match. But records are there to be broken and the new ones set. The Boks coach was gracious in defeat after his side went down 23-13 to the All Blacks in their World Cup opening powder-keg in Yokohama on Saturday. But behind the cool demeanour, lies a steely desire for his team to bounce back from the early setback and compete for honours. “I think we can fight back, ” said Erasmus. “If you are grouped with New Zealand in a pool, you’ve got a good chance of not going undefeated through your pool. “Then you have to fight back and get to the final for the first time not being unbeaten. We have to go that route.” Indeed it was not a defeatist posture Erasmus adopted in the post-match press briefing, but one of someone hardly surprised by the turn of events in a match many had their money on the New Zealand winning than the Boks causing an upset. The Boks didn’t disgrace themselves against the Kiwis and the scoreline could well have been different, had it not been for some glaring mistakes during their periods of dominance. “They didn’t ruffle our defence, but they scored from our mistakes,” Erasmus said. “They know how to ramp up the pressure as soon as they get on the scoreboard. “For me New Zealand are definitely the favourites for the World Cup. They’ve always been and I’ve never had a doubt about that. “We’re creeping a little bit closer in challenging them. But they will have different tactical challenges from northern hemisphere teams.” But he is not looking too far ahead. “Before we start mentioning quarterfinals, we have an important game against Italy along the way. I know we have Canada and Namibia. But in the last two years we’ve has slippery games against Italy.” Sadly, Trevor Nyakane’s World Cup run appears to be over before it even began after he limped injured. The Boks face Southern African neighbours, Namibia in their next World Cup clash in the Toyota Stadium on Saturday.