KAIZER Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp is concerned that he will have a limping side against Baroka FC in their next Absa Premiership match at FNB Stadium on Saturday. The German-born mentor is worried that key striker Samir Nurkovic, wingback Reeve Frosler and left-back Siphosakhe Ntiya-Ntiya sustained injuries during Amakhosi’s 2-0 win over AmaZulu at King Zwelithini on Tuesday. And this just as captain Itumeleng Khune returns from a nine-months shoulder injury lay-off. Said Middendorp: “We had a very dominating first 30 minutes where we should have scored. We didn’t and lost a little bit of our momentum particularly when we tried to keep Samir in the game, out, in, out, finally we changed him (replaced by Leonardo Castro) due to injury.  “In the end it was not easy through injury forced substitutions, even (Kearyn) Baccus had to carry on through with injury. We are handicapped at the moment and we have another game on Saturday.” The club can only know today the extent of injuries the trio sustained and whether they would be ready for Baroka, or not. Despite the setback, Middendorp fancies Chiefs’ chances of collecting maximum points against Bakgaga who are still reeling from a 2-1 defeat to Highlands Park in Polokwane at the weekend. “We are aware of it, it would be a tough one. We want the three points, that’s our clear target. We had a discussion about it during the last few days, we got it (against AmaZulu) and I am very happy.” Although, Usuthu coach Jozef Vukusic felt referee Cedric Muvhali and his linesman robbed them of two legitimate goals, Middendorp was pleased with their job.  He added: “The referee decided it was offside four to five metres in both cases. It’s not a goal that’s the brutality of the game. It’s rough, everybody fights for something.” But Vukusic stressed: “It’s sad for my team we scored two legitimate goals, they were not given. So if it’s like that I accept because it’s mistakes of the referee, it’s part of the game. I take positives from this game and move on to the next one. We have tough games against SuperSport (at Lucas Moripe on Saturday, 8.15pm) and Cape Town City.” Middendorp revealed that it was not easy to drop Nigerian keeper Daniel Akpeyi in favour of Khune who was out of action for nine months due to a shoulder injury. “Daniel Akpeyi was fantastic in the five games so far.It was a bit tough for me (whom to start) and since 2006-07 Itu Khune in the squad, it was about finding the right timing, the right way, how far is he (Khune) in training sessions and we looked into it to put him in place. This morning (Wednesday) he (Akpeyi) accepted it (to be dropped) and I have a lot of respect for Itu who played his first game today.”