Three years after the Life Esidimeni tragedy, the Acting
Director of Public Prosecutions (ADPP) in Pretoria, Adv George Baloyi, has
referred the docket for a formal inquest. This after investigators were unable to gather enough
evidence to bring charges against anyone linked to the deaths in 144 cases it
probed. In total, 144 psychiatric patients died, many of starvation
and neglect after the Gauteng health department cancelled their outsourced
contract with Life Esidimeni to save money when thousands of patients were
transferred out of the facility. In a statement released by the NPA on Tuesday evening, the
prosecuting authority said Baloyi decided that a "formal and joint inquest
into all deaths related to the Esidimeni tragedy be held in the High Court of
Pretoria before a Judge", said NPA spokesperson Phindi Mjonondwane. It is not immediately clear when the inquest will be
established. An arbitration was established on the recommendation of the
health ombudsman after the release of a damning report which detailed findings
regarding the deaths of psychiatric patients when they were transferred to
unsuitable NGOs in 2015. “The [inquiry], led by retired Deputy Chief Justice Dikgang
Moseneke concluded its work in March 2018 and found that government officials
acted in breach of the law and the Constitution when they ended the Life
Esidimeni contract and moved patients to NGOs without due regard for their
wellbeing and state of health,” Mjonondwane said. In April 2017, the NPA received 144 dockets relating to the
tragedy. The ADPP then assembled a team of four experience advocates
to work with investigators to collect more information and build a case. “Led by a very senior advocate, they devoted most of their
attention to a very protracted investigation, converting all 144 enquiry
dockets into one docket, guiding investigations and monitoring progress on
further documentation/statements that had to be obtained,” Mjonondwane
explained. She added, however, that the process “has revealed that the
evidence at our disposal currently, is not enough to prove causation of death
nor is it enough to help us link the actions of different role players to the
eventual deaths”. Mjonondwane said that, based on this background, a
determination was made whether a prima facie case justifying prosecution could
be made. “The state therefore correctly sets out the legal principles
applicable to the problem and upon thorough assessment of all the available
facts and circumstances; came to a conclusion that the matter be referred for a
formal inquest.” https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/npa-to-establish-formal-inquest-into-life-esidimeni-deaths-20190917