IDOLS CONTESTANTS brought the heat at the live show on Sunday. It was extra and the top 8 shut it out with their fierce and OTT performances, backed by the Mzansi Gay Choir.  The Idols Top 8 performance was accelerating and colourful but sadly, the end of the road for Dinky Kunene. Dinky preformed “No Rush” by DJ Tira during the top 9 selections last week Sunday. She had a great response from the judges and fans.  One could have been fooled that she was safely onto the Top 8. It comes to show that Season 15’s competition is tougher.  Dinky’s journey with Idols is a bit painful as she was also eliminated from the top 10 of Idols season 14 in 2018. On Sunday, the show opened with a performance of Lady Gaga’s ‘born this way’. Sneziey was the first one to perform and she gave a rendition of Burn Out by Sipho Hot Sticks Mabuza. Randell said she has a great personality. “People love you but you don’t need to over sing try your best not to,” he said.  Unathi said she loved Sneziey’s performance. “I found myself thinking something I’ve never thought of, I thought you can record that cover,” she said. Viggy got out of her comfort zone and made the crowd go crazy with her performance of Chandelier by Sia. Unathi said her performance was unexpectedly good. “What you have done has surprised South Africa because we are used to you being cultural,” she said. Somizi: “The beauty about my job is to give you critics. What you have done is exactly what I spoke about.  “This is your most powerful performance,” he said Nolo sang Mkhaya Lo' by Musa and the judges were impressed. Somizi said it was a beautiful performance. Virginia got the audience on their feet with Titanium by David Guetta featuring Sia. Somizi said he enjoyed it. “You did what the song needed. I enjoyed and loved it. It was a beautiful performance,” he said. Randell said her hard work is paying off. Micayla gave a rendition of Paxton’s Angifuni.  Randell said the song worked out for her perfectly. Unathi said: “Not only are you a great musician but that was a perfect performance. Somizi said she is a full package. “I could sign and record you. You will sell record after idols” he said Mangaliso closed the show with a bang with Lady Marmalade by Patti Labelle. Unathi and Randell said she was the performance of the evening. Somizi: “There are singers who you can see on the stage that they are full of themself but not you. You are just like me. I have money but I am humble,” he said.