TS Galaxy goalkeeper Ludwe Mpakumpaku says being involved in the Caf Confederation Cup has taught them to be mentally strong. Dan Malesela’s coached side continued to make an impact in the continental competition, having beaten Madagascar side CNaPS Sport 1-0 in the first round first leg match played at Mbombela Stadium over the weekend. The Nedbank Cup champions defeated St Louis from Seychelles 2-0 on aggregate in the preliminary round. Said Mpakumpaku: “We are happy that we didn’t concede. It was not easy because they came with an aggressive approach. We took them by surprise, and they should have had a red card for being robust. Their style had a bit of wrestling in it and we have never encountered this before. We will go into the return leg away knowing well they don’t play football. This was a good test and an eye opener for us. I am happy we came out tops.” Galaxy will now switch their focus to the GladAfrica Championship in a bid to gain promotion to the Premier Soccer League (PSL). The Mpumalanga-based outfit tackle Ajax Cape Town at Kameelrivier Stadium on Sunday (3pm). However, the 26-year-old is aware it won’t be easy to focus on two competitions at the same time since they are playing catch up. They have played only two league games while other teams played four, so far. “We have a coach who is aware of the dangers of playing in two competitions. We worked on our mental aspect of the game because it’s all in the mindset. We are able to do both, and we will ensure we win the league. “We have a young squad that allows us to go an extra mile and are able to give a good performance consistently since they are hungry for success.” Mpakumpaku is not worried about the danger posed by fourth placed Ajax, who are a point behind leaders JDR on seven points. “Our coach doesn’t like to focus on opponents. Instead, he likes polishing us to ensure we are ready for the match. “They might use a different approach, having failed to win promotion last season. But we are more concerned about ourselves,” he added.