The National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) has decided not to
prosecute anyone for the alleged poisoning of former president Jacob Zuma. Business Day on Friday reported that there was no evidence
to pursue the case, according to a letter to the Hawks written by acting
KwaZulu-Natal director of public prosecutions, advocate Elaine Zungu. Zuma had reportedly also not provided a statement detailing
the alleged poisoning attempt on his life. Zungu said, because of this, she
could not even refer to Zuma as a complainant. Former president Jacob Zuma didn't mince his words during
his first appearance at the judicial commission of inquiry into allegations of
state capture on Monday. In 2015, one of Zuma's wives, Nompumelelo Ntuli-Zuma, was
banned from his Nkandla compound by then state security minister David Mahlobo
following "revelations" of her suspected involvement in a plot to
poison Zuma, News24 reported. Ulrich Roux, the director of BDK Attorneys, at the time said
it was common knowledge that Ntuli-Zuma, also known as MaNtuli, was no longer
living in Nkandla. MaNtuli is the second of the Zuma's four wives. 'Travesty of justice' "My client has not been residing at the Nkandla
homestead since January 2015, after having been instructed by Minister of State
Security, David Mahlobo, to vacate the Nkandla residence, pending an alleged
investigation. She is currently residing, together with her three minor
children, in a house in the Greytown area," Roux said. The Sunday Times reported that in early August 2014, during
a trip to the US, doctors diagnosed an ailing Zuma as having been poisoned. However, not trusting US doctors, Zuma went to Russia later
that month for treatment. Russian doctors reportedly confirmed the diagnosis. Business Day reports that, according to Zungu, State
Security Agency (SSA) reports on the alleged attempts on Zuma's life
"contain no evidence at all that Mr Zuma was poisoned, let alone by
whom". Zungu's decision not to prosecute reportedly comes after
lawyers for Ntuli-Zuma pushed the state to make a call on whether she would be
formally charged over the alleged poisoning of her husband. Roux told Business Day on Thursday that he had seen the
formal withdrawal of criminal charges against the former first lady. His client
was weighing her options. Roux reportedly said it was a travesty of justice
that his client was a victim of what he called "politically motivated
trumped-up" charges. The publication could not elicit comment from Mahlobo or
Zuma. - Compiled by Riaan Grobler SOURCE: NEWS24