As a second cholera outbreak looms in Zimbabwe, I’d like to urge the South African government to call its Zimbabwean counterpart to order as this is threatening to spark a health crisis that will directly impact on our country. The sad part in all of this is that Mzansi’s government has been slow in preparing itself for the expected mass exodus of sick, undocumented Zimbabweans into our country. Since the beginning of time, South Africa had had to endure the failings of the Zimbabwean government. A government mired in systematic corruption will eventually fail. It’s disturbing that the last “free” election in Zimbabwe did little to alleviate the suffering of its citizens. Many will still die of a cholera outbreak. The imminent rainy season will only make the situation worse. Considering the billions of dollars generated from diamond mining in Zimbabwe, it’s difficult to accept there is no money in that country to buy water treatment solutions. Zimbabweans are still being forced to face the same demons our forefathers had to contend with under the late Robert Mugabe. Rising inflation is a result of bad leadership and a constant reminder of where we have been. That country is no better under the current Emmerson Mnangagwa’s administration. Quite frankly, it’s in a very bad state. The continued looting under Mnangagwa’s watch must come to an end if investors are to bring in much-needed foreign currency. Zimbabwe is in total darkness. A victory won through the maiming and killing of your opponents is deceptive. Zimbabwe has been poor when it comes to choosing leaders of substance. It never rains but pours for my people. Mugabe might be gone, but the effect of his disastrous policy is still being felt to this day. Isn’t it time the South African government considered adopting Zimbabwe? When all is said and done, South Africa is going to foot billions of rands to provide healthcare for the many Zimbabweans who will be flocking to our clinics if there were to be a cholera outbreak.