AFRO-POP singer Motlanalo (real name Beauty Rammalo) is offering her fans a chance to be featured in her upcoming video for her song, Mmahlabirwa! The 26-year-old from Phalaborwa, Limpopo, said she wanted to feature young people who were raised by their grannies. “We want to pay tribute to the gogos. We want to play a role in showing love to those that were raised by their elders.” Motlanalo said she believed it was necessary to embark on a parental appreciation campaign.  The Sewela hitmaker said it was important for people to honour those who impacted their lives positively while they were still alive. She said she wanted to feature successful individuals who were raised by their gogos, and those raised by anyone who is not their biological parent. “The video will be shot in November between Phalaborwa and Tzaneen,” said the musician. The initiative is envisaged to encourage people to lend a helping hand in raising needy children and child-headed homes. “Those whose heroes have passed on will be featured with their photos and a short tribute message. “To feature in the video, people can share their appreciation stories on Motlanalo’s Facebook page with the hashtags #TributeToKoko and #MyMmahlabirwa.” “The song is from my album called Mmahlabirwa released in June. This album is a tribute to my grandmother, Mmahlabirwa for the role she played in raising me and fellow grandchildren when my mom was away due to work commitments,” said the singer. Motlanalo said the song is made up of African beats and flow that has a potential to evoke emotional reactions of listeners. She told SunBuzz that the album has songs like Dikeledi Tšaka, Morwalo, Ba Ntebetše, Sewela which focuses on social reconstruction. “The music touches societal daily living standards and habits. It speaks to the past, present and future events, said Motlanalo. Motlanalo has already been nominated for Best Sepedi category in the Limpopo Music Awards. That on its own is a boost to her infant music career to the cheer of her supporters who are voting for her to scoop the award. “Many of my fans said I remind them of the late Brenda Fassie on one of her songs, Makhelwane. She was my Idol,” she said.