Showbiz relationships often don't last and there are many reasons to this, but there are some couples whose relationships have stood the test of time. Having been married for 19 years, Toni Kgoroge and Sthandiwe's relationship is one of those admirable relationships that ordinary folk long for - they do pretty much everything together. While there is no perfect relationship, these two have mastered the art of staying keeping it together. ?? : Ziggy. A post shared by  Tony Kgoroge (@t4tonykgoroge) on Sep 8, 2019 at 5:23am PDT  Power celebrity couple Connie and Shona Ferguson have been married for 18 years. They always celebrate each other on social media and they own a film company together - Ferguson Films, which produces, among other productions The Queen and The Throne. I had to repost this message from my lil sis @astoshiah ! It literally made me cry!?????? Thank you Banus!?? You have no idea how much you mean to me!?? I will let my actions continue speaking for themselves!?? Love you nana.???? . . . #Repost @astoshiah ··· Happy Birthday to one very important person in mylife. My success muse, my best friend. When I’m with you the world is such an open book, there is nothing I can’t talk to you about. I trust you with mylife. The last time I was there we had a chat of how I used to give u a hard time in my teenage years?????? I cried because I could not imagine that o could give stress or a hard time to someone I hold so close to my heart. On your birthday sis I just want you to know that I would sincerely like to apologize from the bottom of my heart for everything bad I have done to you, I want you to know it was just a teenage stage, however like a super woman you are you guided me through like a mother and are the reason why I’m a good wife to my husband and reason for most of my successes. O nkitshitse motho at a very young age motho waaka, imagine at primary school be Ke setse Ke itse go itshela cool waters?????? kana be Ke Tshwene style mo go maswe, thanks to you. I remember one day arriving from joburg Ke tla ka 2piece tsa di Gstring and Moms could not understand gore tota gatwe Connie o Rutang ngwana?????? ElandsPark days I remember very well after we exercised together. “Baby girl tla Ke go rute go tlhapa nnaka, kana Ke rutilwe Ke Kiki so now it’s my turn to teach you “?????? priceless moments we have shared sis and still are sharing. I could write the whole day if I’m to talk about us and how we relate. We are not just my sister, you are my smile keeper sis, the one person I can become a baby, mother, young sister and big sister at the same time with?????? Ke a go rata hle mma. Keep shining sis, you carrying out your angelic duties on this earth very well. Happy Birthday my rock, my personal person, my Banus, my Constance-Girl, laiti yaaka????♥? ??tsaa dilo tsa gago Sis, Ke go rata blind blind???? @connie_ferguson A post shared by  Connie Ferguson (@connie_ferguson) on Jun 10, 2019 at 4:04am PDT  Although Thapelo Mokoena and his wife, Lesego Tshepang Mokoena have been married for  eight years - they too are a couple, who have stood the test of time. Together, they have two children and they are always celebrating each other's love for each other. A Day At the Polo #nedbankintlpolo ?????? A post shared by  Thapelo Mokoena (@mokoenalive) on Sep 14, 2019 at 11:39am PDT    