PHAKAMANI MAHLAMBI is undoubtedly one of the best players we have in Mzansi when he’s on-form. And South Africa’s new Under-23 coach David Notoane has not ruled him out of his squad. In fact, the coach will assess him to see if he can still be part of the squad that seeks to qualify for next year’s Olympics Games in Tokyo, Japan. South Africa is part of the eight teams (hosts Egypt, Cameroon, Cote d’Ivoire, Ghana, Mali, Nigeria and Zambia) that qualified for the Under-23 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon), to be hosted by Egypt from 8 to 22 November. The tournament serves as a qualifier for the Olympics. The top three will qualify automatically and South Africa are seeking to qualify for a second successive tournament after competing in Brazil at the last Games. But Mahlambi, who turned 22 on Friday, will need to get over “his demons” and be at his very best to make the cut, according to Notoane. In May this year, the attacking wizard was withdrawn from the Bafana Bafana Cosafa squad amid reports that he had arrived in camp “in poor condition”. The Vryheid-born star also missed out when Bafana went to the Africa Cup of Nations in Egypt. But the door is still open for him to make his way back to the Under-23 and play in the Olympics if Mzansi qualifies. Said Notoane: “Phakamani was part of the squad that played Zimbabwe. Unfortunately, we had to withdraw him due to injury. “I’m hoping he’ll be at his usual best and with no injuries. The door is open for him in the team. “It’s the world stage and we’d love to have him.” Notoane went on: “In life, we all have our personal baggage and we can’t rule him out. “I’ve spoken to the boy about his past. Hopefully, the demons will leave him in peace. “Discipline is crucial and it’s the key foundation toward success.”In 2015 Mahlambi was a key figure when Mzansi qualified for the 2016 Olympic Games which were in Brazil. Sadly, he couldn’t make part of the team due to career-threatening knee ligament injury.But now it is his chance again to be part of the iconic sports event.