BANYANA Banyana vice-captain Refiloe Jane is having her best time in her new club AC Milan in Italy. Jane joined the team at the beginning of September. She became the first South African to sign with Italian giants where she is donning her favorite number 15 jersey. Since her arrival at the club, she has already played two games for them, a pre-season friendly and a league match.  “I was very excited when they told me I would start I did not expect it but I was ready for whatever was coming my way,” Jane said. “What made things was the way my new teammates welcomed me. It was clear when I met them that everyone couldn’t wait for me to arrive. “They embraced me with open arms and it felt like home, and I had to show my qualities on the field. The coach’s words after the match that I was what they were looking for made me feel proud, and I was glad that I joined this massive club.” The Banyana star has received praise from her coach Maurizio Ganz after helping the side win 3-0 in their league match against AS Roma. Refiloe JanePersonal information Date of birth 4 August 1992 Place of birth Soweto, South Africa Height 158 cm (5 ft 2 in) Playing position Midfielder Club information Current team A.C. Milan Senior career *Years National team‡2012–South Africa100(12)* Senior club appearances and goals counted for the domestic league only and correct as of 27 February 2019 ‡ National team caps and goals correct as of 28 February 2019  Ganz said after their match “Since she (Refiloe Jane) arrived, I saw a player ahead of the others, she knows how to play, she is a player that we lacked.” Jane signed a one-year contract with the club and she is hoping to do well to have a longer stay.  “Now I have to keep the consistency because they have some good players that will keep me on my toes but I love that kind of challenge as it makes me work harder,” said an excited Jane. “It’s been a long journey and I am glad it has finally happened. It goes to show that patience pays.  “The faith and belief I have in the Almighty has also helped me a great deal – when offers were placed on the table I could have signed early on but I remained patient and waited for the right offer,” Jane told Safa website. “I believe it was worth the wait, and I am now in a happy space.”