NOT even the “potential revenge incidents” will deter the South African Under-23 team to complete the job they started last week during their third round 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games qualifier against Zimbabwe. This is following the ongoing xenophobic attacks in South Africa, where foreign nationals and their businesses have been under attack in the past three weeks. Now coach David Notoane’s side will face the Warriors today at the Barbourfields Stadium in Bulawayo, following their emphatic 5-0 drubbing on the neighbours’ U-23 team in first leg played at Orlando Stadium on Friday. Notoane said his charges, better known as Young Bafana, will head into their third round qualifier against Zimbabwe fully focused on their on-field duties and not bothered by outside influences. Said Notoane: “We really had to sit the team down and say look, ‘we can’t turn a blind eye to what is happening out there (xenophobic attacks). Be assured that your safety is of paramount importance from the association and myself personally. The game is going ahead, don’t even think the game is not going ahead.’ “Also, we spoke about going into the second leg with clear minds, we can’t be thinking about potential security issues because that would distract us from the mission that we are going there for. “And I’m sure that the association and its leadership would not be so careless to put us into a risky situation. Caf would also not put us in a situation where our lives are at risk. The team are focused on playing the match in Zimbabwe and not concerned with anything else.” Notoane’s charges are now just one match away from sealing their progress to the Africa U-23 Cup of Nations (Afcon), set to be staged in Egypt later this year. The U-23 Afcon is a stepping stone towards qualifying for the 2020 Olympic Games, but first they must finish within the top three at the Caf eight-nation tournament. “It’s important that you play well at home, we can go to Zimbabwe with a good result, and hopefully we can defend that and go to Afcon,” said striker Lyle Foster. “It’s definitely going to be a tough game, I have played Zimbabwe at Under-20 level and their youth team are always a tough nut to crack, especially at home. But we know our qualities and we’re going into the game to try and win it.” The 19-year-old former Orlando Pirates strike, who recently made a loan switch from Monaco to Cercle Brugge in Belgium, is one of the players from whom much is expected in the future “I’m always happy to represent my country through every rank but obviously I want to achieve more in my career,” added Foster. “At the moment I’m happy with the path I’m on.”