AFTER helping the SA Under-23 national men’s team book their spot at the U-23 Africa Cup of Nations, SuperSport United midfielder Teboho Mokoena will hope to carry the winning momentum back to his club. Mokoena, alongside close friend and club teammate Sipho Mbule, played a key role for David Notoane’s charges as they demolished Zimbabwe 5-0 on aggregate. The pair, who have played a lot of football in the past few days, could resume their impressive partnership in United’s midfield this weekend. Matsatsantsa a Pitori will face Cape Town City at Mbombela Stadium tomorrow (8.15pm). Mokoena has proven to be a vital player for United this season, starting all six of their matches so far. The 22-year-old has been pleased with his start to the season and is hoping to continue where he left off before the international break. “I’m happy with my contribution to the team so far,” added Mokoena. “I’m also pleased with the way we have started the season as team. “We have played quite well against some really good teams. “We are hoping to continue playing with confidence and build on our positive start to the season. There are few areas of our game that we need to improve, but generally it has been a good start to the campaign for us.” Matsatsantsa are currently fourth on the league standings with seven points from four matches. They are also in the semi-finals of the MTN 8, where they will need to overcome Tshwane rivals Mamelodi Sundowns in the second-leg to book their third consecutive final. “We want to win trophies this season,” added Mokoena. “SuperSport is a big team that are known to compete for silverware and that’s what we want to do again this season.” As far as his personal goals are concerned, Mokoena said: “I’m not the kind of player who focuses a lot on my individual game, I just look to try and help the team as much as I can. “I don’t have any personal targets that I’ve set for myself, I just want to do well for the team. I want to help the team win something this season.”