 The body of Zimbabwe's former president Robert Mugabe was
buried on Saturday in his rural village of Kutama, an AFP reporter at the scene
said. The family of Mugabe gathered in his rural homestead, three
weeks after his death, to attend a much-awaited burial ceremony. Mugabe died in a Singapore hospital on September 6, aged 95,
almost two years after a military coup ended his despotic 37-year rule. His remains will be laid to rest in the courtyard of his
home in the district of Zvimba, about 90 kilometres west of the capital Harare. Hundreds of mourners assembled for the low-key event, which
was initially intended to be a private family ceremony. Many wore white Mugabe-emblazoned T-shirts with the slogans
"founding father", "liberator" and "torch
bearer".  Some were singing and dancing. Others sat quietly under two
white tents set up for the occasion. Mugabe's widow Grace and his children accompanied the casket
- drapped in Zimbabwe's green, yellow, red and black flag. mugabe burial The coffin of former president of Zimbabwe Robert Mugabe
arrives for his burial at his home village in Kutama, on 28 September 2019.
(Jekesai Njikizana, AFP) mugabe burial Former first lady Grace Mugabe looks on as she walks behind
Robert Mugabe coffin during the burial of the former Zimbabwe leader. (Jekesai
Njikizana, AFP) Clad in black, they took place in an elevated VIP tent ahead
of the service. White flower installations spelt out the words
"DAD" and "BABA", meaning "father" in the local
Shona language. "Our hearts are bleeding because we have lost our
father," said the priest, standing next to a portrait of Mugabe framed by
white carnations. "This is a man who made use of the gifts he was given
by God. This man was an asset, he was not a liability."  mugabe burial A priest walks past a portrait of Robert Mugabe during the
burial of the former Zimbabwe leader at his home village in Kutama, on
September 28, 2019. (Jekesai Njikizana, AFP) No senior government officials were among the audience. The Mugabe family opted to bury Zimbabwe's founding father
in Kutama after weeks of wrangling with the government, who wanted the body to
rest at the National Heroes Acre in Harare. A mausoleum was being constructed at the site, which is
reserved for heroes of Zimbabwe's liberation struggle. "What we have done is his wish," said Grace's
older sister Shuvai Gumbochuma, addressing mourners in Shona. ... he didn't want to be buried at the heroes acre "He (Mugabe) said with his own mouth that he didn't
want to be buried at the heroes acre." Ruling ZANU-PF party described the family's decision as
"most unfortunate". "All patriotic Zimbabweans were shocked to learn that
the remains of the former president had been surreptitiously taken yesterday to
Zvimba for a private burial," said spokesperson Simon Khaya-Moyo in a
statement on Friday. SOURCE: NEWS24