 A 74-year-old woman in India may have just become the oldest ever to give birth after delivering twin girls on Thursday.Erramatti Mangayamma gave birth in the city of Guntur, in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. According to the Times of India, the woman was able to conceive through IVF, and delivered the twin girls via cesarean section.The Times reported that Mangayamma had been married to her husband for 57 years but had been unable to become pregnant. She told the Times that her inability to conceive a child caused her to feel isolated from her peers, but her husband stood by her side "like a rock." "We are the happiest couple on earth today," her husband said following the delivery. "We have our own children." According to the Daily Mail, her age has not yet been verified, though doctors have claimed that she has shattered a world record. Maria del Carmen Bousada de Lara, a woman from El Puerto de Santa Maria, Spain, currently holds the record for the oldest confirmed person to give birth after delivering twin boys via cesarean in 2006 at the age of 66.Omkari Panwar from the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, claimed the title after giving in 2008 at the age of 72, but she was not able to produce a birth certificate to verify her age.According to the Daily Mail, Mangayamma considered IVF after her neighbor gave birth at the age of 55.The couple consulted local medical experts, who agreed to administer IVF treatment despite the fact that Mangayamma had already experienced menopause. It was unclear whether Mangayamma had used her own eggs previously frozen or if she used a donor.According to the Times, some doctors have expressed concern that Mangayamma was too old to have the procedure done and say doctors should not have considered her case."We followed all rules," Dr Sanakkayala Umasankar, the couple's IVF specialist, told the Times. Mangayamma was able to conceive on her first round of treatment."Both the mother and babies are doing fine," Umansankar said. "This is a medical miracle." 