The seven-year-old girl who was raped in the bathroom of a
Dros establishment in Pretoria last year, is expected to testify about the
ordeal in the Gauteng High Court in Pretoria on Wednesday.  However, the proceedings are expected to be in camera
(behind closed doors) because she is a minor.  The child is expected to testify against Nicholas Ninow, who
pleaded guilty to the rape on Monday.  However, the prosecution did not accept aspects of the plea
on the basis that the details did not align with the State's case. As a result,
a trial ensued.  Prosecutor Dorah Ngobeni told the court on Tuesday that the
child would testify in camera on Wednesday morning and that her mother would
testify afterwards.  They are the State's last two witnesses before it closes its
case.  Ninow faces two counts of rape, one of defeating the ends of
justice, one of possession of an illegal substance and one of assault.  On Monday, Ninow also admitted disposing of the child's
underwear, which was evidence, and to possession of an illegal substance which
tested positive for CAT.  But he pleaded not guilty to assault – a charge which
relates to claims that he assaulted two people who found him in the bathroom
with the victim on September 22, 2018.  He was originally charged with kidnapping as well, but the
State withdrew the charge.  I did it  In his rejected plea explanation, which his Legal Aid
attorney, Herman Alberts, read out on Monday, Ninow said he went to the
females' bathroom to use the drug CAT, hoping that he would not get caught.  He then lowered his pants to create the impression that he
was urinating, while snorting more of the drug.  "While I was busy taking the CAT, the complainant
pushed open the door,"Ninow said in the plea explanation.    "The complainant indicated that she wanted to urinate,
and I got off the toilet, pulled her pants down and put her on the
toilet."  "In that moment, I acted impulsively and took my penis
and forced it into the complainant’s mouth. Thereafter I penetrated the
complainant’s vagina with my finger." https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/dros-rape-child-to-testify-behind-closed-doors-20190910