TREVOR Nyakane may have played 38 Tests for the Springboks. But it is as though his international career is just about to start. It is even more incredible that he has only started in TWO matches and, played the rest off the bench. But that is largely due to the depth South Africa have had in the front row. Yet it certainly feels like the time has finally come that he consolidates his position in the starting team. At 30, Nyakane can no longer be a back-up player - having debuted six years ago - and should be starting matches more often. The Bulls loosehead prop has served under Heyneke Meyer, Allister Coetzee and now incumbent Boks coach, Rassie Erasmus. And if ever any doubted his ability to operate at tighthead, they need not look further than his scrummaging stability against Australia in the 35-17 win, when he gave veteran James Slipper a torrid time. Schalk Brits puts it best : “I know people call the scrum the ‘dark arts’ but to move from loosehead to tighhead and to perform so well is incredible.” Nyakane couldn’t have travelled to the Rugby World Cup in Japan in a much better shape, both physically and mentally. “Its been a long road to get where I am, a tough one but also an enjoyable one,” said Nyakane. “I’ve been working hard since the start of the year trying to make the squad. “Playing in the World Cup is always a dream for every rugby player. A lot of work has to be done because the hope of the nation rests on our shoulders.” Nyakane started on the bench in the warm-up Test against Japan on Friday. Competition for places remains tight, with Frans Malherbe, Beast Mtawarira, Vincent Koch and Steven Kitshoff also in the mix. But him being in the team means a lot more to aspiring black rugby professionals than just himself wearing the green and gold blazer. “It’s a very tough road, but not an impossible road, ” Nyakane said. “But it doesn’t matter the circumstances. I know it is very hard for blacks players... to get exposure, to get the right the training and nutrition. But if you dream of it and willing to achieve it you can achieve it. I’d urge every black kid wanting to play the sport to work hard and reap the benefits at the end.”