BLOEMFONTEIN CELTIC goalkeeper Mondli Mpoto is relishing his recent run in the first team and won’t relinquish the number one jersey without a fight. The 21-year-old replaced former Orlando Pirates goalkeeper Jackson Mabokgwane in the starting 11 after he suffered an injury. Mabokgwane pulled his hamstring during the warm-up before the MTN8 quarterfinal against another one of his old clubs, Mamelodi Sundowns, last month. His absence gave Mpoto a chance to show what he can do. The SA Under-23 international has not disappointed – proving to be a more-than-capable replacement. Having had a taste of first team football, Mpoto now wants to make the number one jersey his on a permanent basis. “I’ve waited for this chance for a long time. When it finally came, I was ready and prepared to grab it with both hands. I’ve been pleased with my game thus far but it’s only the beginning. Hopefully, It’ll be a long career in the top flight. I also want to play a lot of games. “I’m satisfied with the games I’ve played in. Feedback from management and technical staff has been encouraging.”They told me I did well and should keep it up.” Mpoto, who is one of a few players to have represented his country at every age group and all the way to senior level, joined Phunya Sele Sele this season from SuperSport United. Mpoto recently helped David Notoane’s young Bafana seal their berth at the Under-23 Afcon set to be staged in Egypt later this year. “This is my breakthrough season in the PSL. I want to make it a memorable one.” “I’m young and hungry and determined to make a name for myself. “I’m also getting used to the standard of the league as it was quite a step up for me.” There were a lot of nerves especially in the first match, but I have managed to settle the more I play.” Although they’re gunning for the same starting place, Mpoto said he’s learning a lot from experienced goalie Mobokgwane. He said; “Jackson is one of the best goalkeepers in the league. “As young up-and-coming goalkeepers at the club, we’re learning a lot from him. His experience is second to none.”