The Laerskool Kollegepark teacher who was arrested on
Wednesday for the kidnapping of Amy'Leigh de Jager, 6, in Vanderbijlpark, was
allegedly using "narcotics" and owed money to drug lords.  This is according to a WhatsApp voice note the teacher's
father, Riaan Botha, sent to a family member last week, shortly after she was
arrested.  Botha confirmed the voice note's authenticity to News24
outside the Vanderbijlpark Magistrate's Court on Monday. The 27-year-old teacher Tharina Human, who appeared on
kidnapping charges on Monday, was arrested along with two alleged accomplices
by members of the Family Violence, Child Protection and Sexual Offences Unit.  The news that one of the alleged kidnappers was a teacher at
the school - and a close friend of the family - came as a shock to many
residents of the Vaal town.  'She was the mastermind'  In an attempt to pre-empt the imminent revelation of his
daughter's identity as one of those who were arrested, he sent the voice note,
saying: "I just wanted to tell you, so that you don't hear it from someone
else - the mastermind behind the kidnapping of that little girl (Amy'Leigh) was
my child. She organised the entire thing with the others, but she was the
mastermind.  "They locked them up [on Wednesday] night. I didn't
know this, but she [uses] narcotics, and she needed money to pay the people
(drug dealers). I just wanted to tell you so that you don't get a shock when
you hear that it was my child. So, the news has been broken and now you know.
Have a good day."  On Monday, four men snatched Amy'Leigh from her mother's car
at the school and drove off in a white Toyota Fortuner, News24 previously
reported.  After initially demanding R2m as ransom, her kidnappers
abandoned their plan and dropped Amy'Leigh off between 02:00 and 02:30 on
Tuesday in a street close to The Shakespeare Inn hotel in Vanderbijlpark.  Close family friend  A man and a woman - identified by Rapport as Hendrik Brandt,
25, and Savannah Kriel, 22 - were on their way home from a bar when they came
across the girl and took her to the Vanderbijlpark police station where she was
reunited with her parents.  Human is a close friend of the child's mother, Angeline de
Jager, News24 reported earlier.  On Human's Facebook page, the two women can be seen together
in several pictures, and compliment each other using the nickname
"heksie" (little witch).  Shortly after the kidnapping on Monday, Human sent a series
of WhatsApp voice notes to parents, saying that there are "sickos out
there" and asking for money for "flowers and a hamper" for
Amy'Leigh's parents.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/amyleigh-kidnapper-teacher-allegedly-owed-money-to-drug-lords-20190909