EVERY league game is a must-win… so goes the cliché. But this old adage holds true for Mamelodi Sundowns as they face a league “win or bust” against Black Leopards at Thohoyandou Stadium on Tuesday night (7.30pm). Any slip up and the Brazilians could well see their dreams of a cup-double go up in smoke. With two matches left, Orlando Pirates lead the pack with 53 points. Hot on their heels are Sundowns with 50 points from 27 matches. This means any result other than victory could prove disastrous for the Tshwane giants in their effort to keep up with the Buccaneers. Leopards face a similar challenge down in the relegation dogfight. Anything other than a win could spell trouble for Lidoda Duvha in their quest to beat the drop. They are third from bottom with 26 points from 27 matches, just three ahead of Maritzburg United and two more than Chippa United. But victory could lift them two places up to 12th spot with 29 points. Frustration reigns for Dylan Kerr as Leopards seek their first win in six matches, amid allegation of ill-discipline in the team. Senior players have been accused of being a law unto themselves and not leading by example. This and several other allegations have seen Leopards get sucked into the relegation whirlpool. It is unclear whether or not goalkeeper King Ndlovu will start against Sundowns after his spat with Kerr, though he remains the only full-fit goalie available. Kerr’s position has also come under threat and his fate could well be resting on the outcome of this match. However, Leopards are often a hard nut to crack in Thohoyandou and they will hope their boisterous fan see them through. They meet a Sundowns side that has clocked more air kilometres than any other in the PSL, thanks to their Caf Champions League campaign. As it is, Pitso Mosimane may have to rest some of his key players, who are at risk of being fatigued for the return semifinal fixture against Wydad Casablanca on Saturday. There is also the hanging Wayne Arendse matter, which could add another twist to the title race, Downs facing possible points deduction. But for now, the main priority for the Brazilians is to win their remaining three matches.