THE 3rd of May
has been marked as a day of mourning and prayer. This was announced by KZN Premier Willies Mchunu on Monday where he gave out the latest
update following the floods which hit KZN last week. According to Mchunu, the
death toll has increased to 70. Mchunu said a total of 64
of those who passed away are from the eThekwini metro and six from the Ugu
district. “A total of 1469 people
were displaced after the floods and had to be provided with temporary
accommodation. Over 50 people were injured. We continue to search for the two
that are still missing,” said Mchunu. He said it was hard to
believe when they saw houses and walls collapsing in mudslides, killing some
people instantly. “This disaster also caused
massive damage to infrastructure, both public and private. Railways, roads,
houses and personal possession were damaged. The estimated damage currently
stands at R1.1-billion with the damage in eThekwini alone estimated at over
R685-million,” said Mchunu. He said they have recorded
a total of 235 damaged private homes in eThekwini and this figure continues to
rise as new homes are being added. Government has provided
support in the form of food, blankets and mattresses. We have also received a
lot of support from various NGOs and private sector institutions,” said Mchunu. He said the eThekwini
metro has also set up a dedicated support desk at the eThekwini Disaster
Management Centre for all the bereaved families. “The Department of Home
Affairs has committed to fast-track the issuing of IDs and other relevant
documents to all affected family. SASSA and the Department of Education are
also supporting the victims by ensuring that children get uniforms to go to
school,” he said. He said the KZN Cabinet at
a meeting resolved to seek for the classification of the Provincial State of
Disaster. “As a mark of respect to
honour our fallen residents the Provincial Executive Council has resolved to
declare 3 May 2019, as the Provincial Day of Prayer, Mourning and Memorial
Service to show solidarity with the bereaved families and to pray for those who
have passed away,” said Mchunu.