WHAT A MESS! Free State Stars coach Nikola Kavazovic and his predecessor Luc Eymael are at each other’s throats. Like a bunch of celebrities arguing about who has a lot of likes or followers on social media, the two veteran coaches are throwing stones at each other. While Kavazovic gives an impression that Eymael was a good-for-nothing coach at Stars, the current Tala’ea El Gaish SC coach in Egypt says he is better than the Serbian, who is now fighting relegation.Kavazovic lambasted Eymael by accusing him of having left Stars in a state of decay.He is now arguing that as the main reason why Mike Mokoena’s club are 13th on the PSL log with 26 points from 28 matches – three better than bottom side Maritzburg United.“I have improved every player individually,” claims the 43-year-old from Belgrade.“I found the team so dirty. They were rubbish from the first half of the season. All of you know who made the mess and what kind of a mess he left.“I had to first clean that mess. There are fears and lack of confidence still existing inside the dressing room. We are psychologically unstable.”But Eymael, who is never shy of throwing punches when provoked, retaliated by questioning Kavazovic credibility.“I don’t know this guy, who is he?” asked Eymael.“The only thing that I have read about him is that he was once a champion with Township Rollers in Botswana. He also went to Kenya at my former club (A.F.C. Leopards) where he spent only a week.Said Eymael: “Before saying anything he must first win a trophy. I am positive that my players were tactically ready when I left the club. They were very fit. If that was not good enough for him, then he should have made the assessment at the start and not now.“He must look at my CV and look at his CV then we can talk. I wish him all the best to save Free State Stars. He must not put a foot on (blame) anybody because he has been there since December.“I have also been in Egypt since November last year, and when I took over the club in Egypt it was not in a good position, but now they are not fighting relegation like Free State Stars.“Just two examples. He took Free State Stars from position eight when I left. But CV is talking by itself.” 