A PROTEST over lights turned deadly. A 23-year-old man was shot and killed, allegedly by a cop. According to his family and community members, this was after they refused the cop entry to the kasi. Residents of Doornkop in Soweto barricaded all exit points around the kasi, demanding electricity. They told Daily Sun more than 50 houses have been without power since November after a transformer exploded. But on Thursday the three-day silent protest led to the death of a youngster. Kgomotso Malapile was apparently chilling with friends at a park not far from the barricaded road when he was hit by a stray bullet. A witness said: “A man driving a light blue private car approached us as we were guarding the barricaded road. He got out of the car and instructed us to remove the rocks, and when we refused he told us he would show us who was boss. He returned to his car and took out his rifle. We ran for cover as he started firing and he went back to his car and sped off. We later learnt he’s a local cop.” Street committee member Alex Masupi said they had been to Eskom offices many times and even submitted petitions without help. “We’re sad that standing up for our basic human rights led to the death of a young man.” Mum Francinah said he walked her to the taxi rank that morning as it was still dark. “He was such a sweet boy. He was always the first one to offer visitors a cup of tea. He had big dreams and always reminded me that he would extend our home and get me a car once he got a job. I can’t believe I have lost my son.” On Friday Joburg mayor Herman Mashaba visited the area and promised to take action. He said he wrote to Eskom demanding they address residents on why they had no lights. Eskom spokeswoman Refilwe Semenya said residents chased away Eskom officials as they did not want to be audited. “A mini-substation was vandalised and residents are demanding that Eskom fix it. Eskom needs to check the meters and identify how many customers use the power.” Captain Kay Makhubele referred the matter to Ipid. At the time of going to print, Ipid spokesman Moses Dlamini was not available for comment despite several attempts.