THE road to democracy has been a hard one, littered with bloodshed for Mzansi, but on 27 April 1994, exactly 25 years tomorrow, millions went to the polls to officially pull the plug on apartheid. At least on paper, because more battles were to follow. Some battles, like equality, the eradication of poverty and economic freedom are still pipe dreams. But 25 years ago, even doomsayers who predicted more bloodshed had to swallow humble pie. This followed clashes between residents and hostel dwellers, largely perceived as IFP supporters, prior to the polls. The assassination of SACP general-secretary Chris Hani also threatened to derail the election but the ANC, led by former president Nelson Mandela, rose to the occasion. Instead, the peaceful election was followed with jubilation when the country’s beloved son, Mandela, was inaugurated. He was to lead a government of national unity. But soon cracks began to show.  The New National Party, led by FW de Klerk, who was credited with the release of Mandela and rewarded with a joint Nobel Peace Prize, started struggling to be seen as relevant. This led to the merger between the party and the Democratic Party, which led the birth of what we know today as the Democratic Alliance. The ANC, which spearheaded liberation and brought hope to millions of people, also started crumbling due to faction fighting at the end of former president Thabo Mbeki’s reign. The infighting intensified as Mbeki was humiliated and unceremoniously shown the door.  That saw former president Kgalema Motlanthe occupying the Union Buildings as a caretaker. He would later commit political suicide by contesting Jacob Zuma. Mbeki’s exit gave birth to Cope as his allies within the ANC left the party to create a new political home. The party fared well in the 2009 election but soon also crumbled due to infighting.  Cope added to a growing list of opposition parties in parliament going toe-to-toe with the ANC, which had been steadily losing its popularity. Going into the 2014 election, the ANC was to give birth to another opposition party; the EFF. This party was formed by one of its feisty youth league leaders, Julius Malema. In its first election, barely two years after its formation, the EFF claimed 6% of the national vote and polls continue to predict that the party could double its numbers this time around.  With Zuma at its head, the ANC stumbled from one scandal to another and found itself gasping against the ropes. His leadership is widely speculated to have massively cost votes in the 2016 municipal election. There are those that claim Zuma will be remembered for being the most divisive president of the ANC, sowing divisions in most structures of the movement. Even the once feared Cosatu was not spared and is now a shadow of its former self. It remains to be seen if the red berets, who claim they are the government in waiting, can unseat the DA as the official opposition party. It has also been a rough ride for the DA in this 2019 campaign. They come in limping from the Patricia de Lille split and she could cause all sorts of problems for them in Cape Town.  Twenty-five years on, there are more players in the game. But they are all singing pretty much the same tune in different languages. There is no excitement in the air as in years gone by. Voters, on the other hand, have been using the same old tactic, demanding service delivery at the cost of not voting. They have burnt buildings and blocked roads with burning tyres. Politicians have pretended to listen and promised action. But in a little over two weeks, we have to cast our votes. The politicians will retreat to their ivory towers and most voters, in the townships in particular, will return to their abject poverty. And then another five year circle will begin... 