DA Gauteng premier candidate Solly Msimanga has again called for a public debate between him and Premier David Makhura to discuss issues like the Life Esidimeni tragedy, and corruption in the province. Msimanga was addressing the media in Sandton on Tuesday during the launch of the DA's mobile billboard. The billboard will be moving across the province mobilising support for next week's elections. The billboard carries an emotional video of the Life Esidemini debacle, as well as parts of the testimonies during the Life Esidimeni inquiry, and newspapers clips of articles published about the tragedy. "We are calling for Makhura to really come out and debate issues that have been on the minds of Gauteng residents. We are saying what are the issues, of Life Esidimeni. We have been asking questions. Where is the compensation for victims of Life Esidimeni victims?" he asked. Msimanga said the DA was tired of half-baked stories from the ANC and wanted to engage the party in a debate. "He is making a lot of stories and a lot of nonsense about Tshwane and how it has been run in the last two years. I will talk about what I have done in the last two years and they must talk about what they have done in the last five years. "Let the people of Gauteng make an informed decision about how and what they are going to be voting for on May 8. I am saying Makhura must come out and we debate the matter of e-tolls and corruption. Let's stand for scrutiny, debate... whoever can put the facts on the table wins the argument," he said. Gauteng DA health spokesperson Jack Bloom said he was still shocked that no action had been taken against former MEC Qedani Mahlangu.  "Nobody has been criminally charged about the Life Esidimeni tragedy. I have opened a case which was later withdrawn against Mahlangu and others who are implicated in what happened to the patients of Life Esidimeni. We are disappointed about the lack of progress in the matter.  "Over 140 people died, and we are still waiting for post-mortem results. Their inquests have not been finished. We want Mahlangu and all those who were implicated to pay towards the compensation of the victims and their families through their pensions," said Bloom.  Makhura's spokesperson Castro Ngobese had earlier promised to respond to questions regarding the debatem but had not done so at the time of publication.  Finance MEC Barbara Creecy has set aside R300m for families affected by the Life Esidimeni tragedy. However, families and relatives of the victims have been at loggerheads with Makhura's government, demanding compensation.  Makhura earlier said families of at least 365 Life Esidimeni claimants had still not been compensated in line with Justice Dikgang Moseneke's arbitration ruling. https://www.news24.com/Elections/News/msimanga-challenges-makhura-to-a-public-debate-20190430  