Just as rumours about a feud between royal sisters-in-law, Kate and Meghan have died down, a new rumour has rocked the Cambridge household. An article published by The Sun in March suggested that Kate had a major falling out with her good friend Rose Hanbury, Marchioness of Cholmondeley. Since then, cheating allegations against Prince William have become a trending topic on social media proving the power of fake news. Planting the seed On 22 March, The Sun published an article reporting that Kate, Duchess of Cambridge had a massive falling out with close family friend, Rose Hanbury, Marchioness of Cholmondeley. According to the report Kate and Rose – who have been friends for years – had a terrible falling out about something and Kate wanted Rose "phased out" of their royal circle. William then reportedly tried to step in to keep the peace. A source told the publication: "It is well known that Kate and Rose have had a terrible falling out. They used to be close but that is not the case anymore. William wants to play peacemaker so the two couples can remain friends, given they live so close to each other and share many mutual friends. "But Kate has been clear that she doesn’t want to see them anymore and wants William to phase them out, despite their social status." Kensington Palace declined The Sun's request for comment. Who is Rose Hanbury? Rose Hanbury is a former model, whose paternal grandmother Lady Rose Lambert was a bridesmaid at Queen Elizabeth's wedding to Prince Philip in 1947, Hello! reports Rose is married to David Rocksavage, the 7th Marquess of Cholmondeley, and has three children - twins Alexander, Earl of Rocksavage and Oliver, Lord Cholmondeley, and daughter Lady Iris. The family live at the Palladian Houghton Hall in Norfolk, very nearby to where Kate and William's Norfolk residence. Rose and David were also both guests (of the Queen) at William and Kate’s wedding in 2011. (David Rocksavage, 7th Marquess of Cholmondeley and Rose Hanbury, Marchioness of Cholmondeley. Photo: Getty Images) From fued rumours to cheating rumours After doing the rounds on social media, the feud rumours between Kate and Rose turned into cheating rumours between Rose and William. A thread on Twitter, shared by writer Nicole Cliffe – who is an independent writer for publications including Vulture, ELLE and The Guardian – suggests that William was caught having an affair with Rose. According to InStyle, The Times UK food writer, Giles Coren confirmed the affair in a tweet, but quickly deleted it. A lack of evidence Following The Sun's initial report, Daily Mail royal correspondent Richard Kay published a column condemning the reports due to lack of evidence. "The reports have gone beyond mere gossip," wrote Richard, adding: "They are presented under serious headlines and, if nothing else, will be grist to the mill for the cause of republicanism, bringing a glow to the hearts of anti-monarchists everywhere." Richard goes on to reveal that while the royal family is known to avoid responding to rumours as far as possible, both Kate and Rose considered taking legal action against the false reports but decided against it as no evidence to support the reports was given. According to Daily Beast, while they decided not to lay any charges, lawyers letters were sent to various publications that reported details about the rumours, suggesting they were true. This does not mean however, that both parties are not hurt by the rumours. A family source told Daily Mail's Richard: "It has now become very upsetting and they are all concerned for each other, as they have never before had to start denying something for which these is no evidence or even a smidgen of truth. It is just mad."