 IT WAS a miracle that Busisiwe Zikhali escaped death when a church wall collapsed.“The lights were off because we were going to sleep. I was looking forward to the morning church service,” she said.“WE LAY IN THE DARK AND MY SPIRIT WAS FULL OF PRAISE. THEN THE WALL CAME DOWN.” Speaking from her hospital bed, 78-year-old Busisiwe said they had a powerful prayer on Thursday night, thanking God for keeping them safe on the roads. “We asked Him to keep us safe through the weekend. Then the tragedy struck,” she said. Thirteen church members of the Pentecostal Holiness Church in Dlangubo, near Empangeni, KZN died when the wall of the church fell on them while they were sleeping. Sixteen more members were seriously injured and were taken to a nearby hospital. She described how after having prayed, she settled down to sleep with the rest of the congregants. “My spirit was full of praise,” she remembered. Then they turned off the lights. “The heavy rain on the roof was very noisy,” she said. “The wall didn’t make any warning sound.” She felt a massive weight on her as she lay in the dark and tried to move her body. She thought she had been hit by bricks. “It was only when the paramedics lifted three dead bodies off me that I realised the bricks didn’t hit me directly,” she said. Busisiwe survived because three church members fell on top of her, so she wasn’t crushed. Even in death, her fellow congregants gave her life. The dead are Samkelisiwe Mzila, Thandazo Dube, Minenhle Mdluli, Nonkanyiselo Shandu, Nokuthula Hlongwane, Alice Mhlongo, Lungi Mcambi, Bongekile Masondo, Ntando Mlondi, Thule Ncube, Mthabela Andiswa, Thembi Mthabela and Alta Langa. Lina Langa, the daughter of Alta (71), said: “When we said goodbye earlier in the day we never thought we were speaking to her for the last time. It’s painful. It’s unbelievable,” said Lina. Bishop Moses Sibiya said counselling and visits to the affected families would continue. “The memorial service is scheduled for Thursday and the funeral service will take place at the weekend in King Cetshwayo and Zululand municipalities.”