ONE of the critical issues that needs to be addressed as the nation approaches the election is the lack of jobs. The country’s unemployment rate is currently at 27,1%, but more concerning is that it’s the younger generation that is most affected. We asked the main parties contesting the election why they thought this had happened. As politicians criss cross the country asking for your votes on 8 May. SunReaders will notice that the EFF is not featured here. That’s because the People’s Paper sent them questions but the party did not supply any answers. Below are the responses to the questions from the other parties. QUESTION 2 What are you currently doing to address the unemployment crisis? ANC Statistics SA data shows year-on-year that even though the manufacturing industry has been experiencing sluggish growth, the government has been the driver of job creation. Under President Ramaphosa’s leadership the ANC has adopted a consensus-building approach with several economic actors to resolve economic constraints. Among the specific initiatives that the ANC government has undertaken is the South African Investment Conference, which led to financial investment in the manufacturing sector to the tune of R290 billion. This was followed by the Africa Investment Conference in September and the Job Summit, which committed to creating 275 000 jobs. Already in the last quarter of 2018, the economy has created 87 000. DA While the ANC over the past decade failed to create jobs, the DA has been crating jobs. The DA says it is the only party which can deliver jobs in every home. This is not a promise but a fact.It claims 91% of families where the DA governs have at least one job. The DA-governed Western Cape has the country’s lowest unemployment rate at 14% – lower than the national average. The DA created more than 500 000 half a million jobs in the province between 2009 and last year. UDM This is a topic better addressed by our colleagues in the ruling party. That said, one One solution the UDM has proffered to generate employment,  is through the launch of a massive infrastructure development and maintenance project. This planned sustainable project will be driven by government through the department of public works, in co-ordination with other departments. Another solution would be identifying markets for small to medium enterprises, through the promotion of domestic and foreign connections, to adequately address the supply and demand of goods and services. Entrepreneurial skills training would be stepped up, and creative solutions to access capital implemented. The UDM would create sector-specific banks to provide financial support for emerging business men and women. IFP In the municipalities where it is in control, the IFP makes the following its priorities: support of SMMEs, local economic development, attracting investors to invest in factories and manufacturing industries and investing in tourism. Tourism is an important aspect of economic development and employment opportunities. The party also invests in bursaries for specialised scarce skills and artisans. COPE We encourage investors and international communities to invest. We must also encourage our people to live in peace because where there’s peace, people can work together and prosperity for all will result.