 Despite having lost millions worth of government grants after they were allegedly squandered by ANC leaders in the Free State, some beneficiaries of the Vrede dairy farm remain loyal to the ruling party. Many of the Vrede dairy farm beneficiaries, who have continued to live in poverty after they were promised funding for sustainable farming, are confident the ANC will self-correct. The party and its leaders, including former minister Mosebenzi Zwane, were fingered as the political heads who influenced beneficiaries into agreeing to the collapsed project. Then-premier Ace Magashule is said to have spearheaded the project, which allegedly siphoned at least R250m to the Guptas. The remote small town at the centre of the scandal has never been the same since its dreams were shattered by reports of corruption in the project. Many of the beneficiaries live in fear for their lives after one of their own was murdered. The body of Philemon Ngwenya was discovered by family members, severely beaten in a shack outside Vrede last year. This has heightened fears of speaking out against political influence in the project. This was evident during Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane's visit last week. Mkhwebane was in Vrede to hear testimony from the 80 beneficiaries on political figures who were involved in the scandal, News24 reported. Many of the beneficiaries did not show up for the meeting, while those ready to testify insisted on speaking away from the glare of media cameras. Despite launching insults at the ANC for abandoning the people of Vrede, many told News24 that their hopes still lay with the party. Two beneficiaries – who agreed to speak on condition of anonymity, out of fear for their lives – praised party president Cyril Ramaphosa for his bravery in attempting to save the ANC from itself. In the same breath, the beneficiaries lambasted the party for destroying their dreams of earning a sustainable income from farming. One of the leaders of the beneficiaries said he would vote for the ANC because it was now under the stewardship of Ramaphosa. "We cannot see any other hope for us. The dream of having sustainable farming in this town still lives on. We are not mad at Ramaphosa. We are mad at the ANC for allowing people like Ace to take advantage of us." Another Vrede farmer questioned how the party would self-correct, with "characters like Magashule" at the helm.         