LOCAL boxing sensation, Azinga “Golden Boy” Fuzile, is getting closer by the day to his dream of challenging for a world title. His camp and management have been working around the clock, pushing the unbeaten prospect for Tevin Farmer’s International Boxing Federation (IBF) crown. And now, the talented southpaw from Duncan Village, in East London, Eastern Cape, is one step away from turning his dream into reality. This after IBF officially ordered the elimination bout between Fuzile and Japanese Kenichi Ogawa to determine the mandatory challenger for Farmer’s world title. Although Ogawa’s camp are happy that a New Jersey sanctioning boxing body ordered the elimination bout it easy to celebrate. Fuzile’s mentor Colin “Nomakanjani” Nathan said: “Yes, we’re pleased that Fuzile is in a strong position for the elimination contest. “It’s still early to celebrate as Ogawa hasn’t agreed to fight as yet.” According to the Boxing SA’s 2017 Trainer of the Year, they would love the fight to happen on Mzansi shores. “It would be nice if Golden Boy fought in front of his home fans. because of the rand dollar exchange that can prove expensive. Anyway, we don’t have a problem even if the fight takes place in Japan. “I have been in Japan with Hekkie (Budler) and going back with Moruti Mthalane next month,It won’t be a problem at all because I believe in his ability and talent,” said Nathan. “This fight comes at the right time, after Azinga displayed a world-class performance against vastly experienced Romulo Koasicha,” Nathan said. Fuzile was defending his IBF intercontinental belt against the Mexican fighter. The 31 year old fighter Japanese champion retuned to competitive boxing from a six months suspension with a unanimous points win over Roldan Aldea in February. Ogawa who registered a split decision win against Farmer for the vacant IBF world title on December 2017 in Las Vegas, tested positive for two forms of androstanediol, a synthetic testosterone. The bout was declared no contest. The vastly experienced Japanese national champion is set to put Fuzile’s ring craft to the acid test. Now is the moment of truth for the 22 year old unbeaten prospect show the world what is capable of doing in the square ring. The winds of fortune have been blowing on his direction, before his championship against Koasicha Fuzile was elevated to fifth position on IBF world ratings.