FOOTBALLERS are finally realising the importance of securing their future before their playing days are over. Siboniso “Pa” Gaxa made headlines recently after he graduated from Wits University. Veteran defender Tefu Mashamaite has also taken the necessary steps to equip himself for life after football. The former Kaizer Chiefs, Bidvest Wits and SuperSport United player is now in the twilight of his career. But the 34-year-old centre-back, who played at the highest level locally for over a decade, says he’s content with how his career penned out. Mashamaite made 167 appearances in the Absa Premiership for The Clever Boys, Amakhosi and Matsatsantsa a Pitori combined. He also spent almost two years in Sweden, where he played for BK Hacken. The former Bafana Bafana star now wears the colours of ABC Motsepe League outfit Baberwa FC. He hopes to help theRoyalsgain promotion to the National First Division. They are third in the Gauteng region standings with two games to go. Mashamaite, who has resigned himself to the possibility of not playing at a high level again, says he’s likely to finish his career in the third-tier league of Mzansi football. But he doesn’t dread the day he hangs up his boots, which might be soon. Unlike many other players he has a plan for life after football. “I’m looking to go into coaching,” Mashamaite revealed. “It’s something I’ve always wanted to do. “I know I want to stay in football when I’m done playing. “I want to contribute to the sport that has helped me achieve a lot.” “I enjoy helping young players so yes, I can see myself being a coach in the future.” Mashamaite says he doesn’t want to rush into coaching, which has become a common path for retired soccer stars. He plans to get proper training. “I want to do my badges soon,” he revealed. “I think when you go through the proper process and you equip yourself with the necessary skills, everything becomes much easier.” The star, who holds a BA degree in Political Studies and International Relations, is determined not to be one of the former players who struggle after retirement. “What is happening to some former players is sad,” he said. “You find some of them struggling to make ends meet, which is really sad. “That is why education is very important, as well as other means of planning for one’s future. “I hope to study further, you know, you’re never too old for education.”