ANOTHER one bites the dust . . . who’s next? National First Division (NFD) side Witbank Spurs were relegated to the unfashionable ABC Motsepe League. This after their 3-0 loss to Ubuntu Cape Town last weekend. The result declared that they will end their woeful campaign rooted at the bottom of the log. But the battle is still on as there’s still one more team to be relegated in the remaining two games. The sad part is that Mzansi could see another big brand Jomo Cosmos go down the drain if they don’t get the desired result in their remaining two games against Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila and Spurs. As things stand, four teams – Real Kings, Cosmos, Ubuntu Cape Town and Maccabi FC – are not safe. They are in position 15 to 12, respectively. Cosmos are on the verge of making unpleasing history being relegated to the third-tier league of Mzansi football. If they suffer that unfortunate fate, they will join the likes of former Absa Premiership giants Santos and Moroka Swallows. The two clubs were relegated from top flight to NFD and Motsepe league in the past seasons. Everyone will be in action this afternoon (3pm). Cosmos host Tshakhuma at Makhulong Stadium. To avoid going down, Cosmos are now relying on other teams’ results, according to captain Ange Lebahi. Said Lebahi: “We need four points to be safe.”“Our coach (Jomo Sono) can’t play for us. “It’s in our hands to swim and get out of this or sink the big brand which is something we can’t afford to do. If we get this team relegated, it will be the end of us.” we will be unemployed next season.” “We have two finals remaining. I can assure fans that we won’t be relegated.” The ride will not be easy as Lebahi thinks. KwaZulu-Natal based, Kings who are also flirting with relegation have been impressive in their last five games where they snatched three wins and drew twice. Kings who are in position 15, host 13th placed Ubuntu at Sugar Ray Xulu Ray Stadium. The team that finish in position 15 on 5 may will join Spurs and go down to Motsepe league. At the top Stellenbosch FC who have one leg in the Absa Premiership will be out to make a statement and cement thaie place in the number one spot. Under Steve Barker’s charges face Cape Umoya at UWC Stadium.