BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic caretaker coach, Lehlohonolo Seema, is uncertain about his future with the club. But Seema has done exceptionally well since took over from Steve Komphela who resigned in November last year. Following his very famous and record breaking 1-0 win against Kaizer Chiefs at their home-away-from-home PSL match at the Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday, Seema says he does not want to think too much about his future with the club, with his focus solely on the team. Phunya Sele Sele have been struggling financially and their owner Max Tshabalala has already put the club up for sale. Potential club buyers are believed to be closer to taking over, probably during the 2019-10 PSL season. They are believed to have had meetings with the Free State provincial government expressing their desire to buy the club. Even their fans have gone to an extent of boycotting the team's home matches, played away from home, with the hope that new owners will convince Tshabalala to relinquish his 100% shares soon. "We are not thinking about the future as that is for the management," said Seema after his charges beat the Soweto giants in Limpopo on Saturday. "Our focus now is on our two remaining games and to brief the management on the progress the team i making this season." Asked how the team is doing well despite the problems within the club, the former Orlando Pirates said: "Its a crazy season for us, but we have been going. We told the boys to block all external issues and focus on the job at hand. The good thing is that they listened to us and that is why we are doing this well." Seema said it will be cherry on top if they finish in the top eight this season. Celtic are eighth on the table with 37 points - with two games remaining against Highlands Park and AmaZulu. On beating Amakhosi, Seema said he had a good plan for them. "It's a nice feeling to go back to Bloemfontein with six points after played two games in four days in Polokwane,"said Seema. "We had a long week and we even forfeit points in our game against Cape Town City. We spoke to the boys and their mentality is strong. I am very proud of the boys. Its been a roller-coaster week. But we managed to get six points."