THINGS are now getting OUT of control in the Black Leopards enclosure. And the ill-discipline in the Venda-based side has resulted in David Thidiela’s club going five straight matches WITHOUT a win, and dropped 14 points in the process. But now their professional coach Dylan Kerr has found himself at the centre of the chaos: SunSport has reliably learnt that the senior players, which among others, according to our source is Pentjie Zulu, skip training at times on Mondays or Fridays, depending. Following their shock 2-1 loss to bottom side Maritzburg United at home in Venda on Saturday, the Leopards coach confessed that emotions ran high on the night of the insult. “But throwing insults at your coach is something that I never expected, but I guess it came about in the heat of the moment,” he said. “But nevertheless, you don’t have to disrespect your elders. I expect a player to realise he’s wrong and apologise, but that never happened. Whether right or wrong, we all want to win,” Kerr said while also hinting that he is concerned with his goalkeeping department. Ndlovu told an equally angry Kerr to f**k off when the Englishman confronted him after taking a free kick outside of his box, which is not his jurisdiction but that of defender Marks Munyai who usually takes them. This happened as frustrations ran high in dying minutes of the game. And when Kerr asked Ndlovu after the game why he pushed Munyai and took the free kick, the 24-year-old former Jomo Cosmos goalie retaliated with an insult. “I don’t mind the anger and craziness in football, but you can’t tell your coach to f**k off,” continued Kerr. “It is totally wrong and frustrating. You don’t do that in professional league. I do have an argument and disagreement with the chairman (David Thidiela) sometimes but you don’t tell your boss that. “This is shocking! I cannot believe it! The players were completely right to try to stop him. It’s never his position. His position is in the goal posts. He never practices this at training. Marks should have taken it.” On any normal day, Ndlovu must be in BIG trouble with the club, but because their second choice goalie Rotshidzwa Muleka has a calf injury, the former will start against Downs. Kerr blamed the Pretoria-born goalie for the Maritzburg defeat: “He conceded two goals from nothing. He made a good save in the first half and he has been excellent for me. It is fortunate there were no TV cameras. Tomorrow Leopards will host Mamelodi Sundowns in their next Absa Premiership match at Thohoyandou Stadium, and Kerr said they will do their best to win the match. 