THE South African under-20 coach, Thabo Senong, is impressed with his lads’ improved performance despite suffering their first defeat in 23 months. Amajita are currently in Saudi Arabia for their Fifa Under-20 World Cup preparations. On Tuesday they were defeated 1-0 by Saudi Arabia at the Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz Sports City Stadium. This was their first defeat since 24 May 2017 at World Cup in South Korea, where they lost 2-0 to Italy. However, tomorrow (3.15pm, SA time) they will get another chance of trying to get revenge when they play the The Green Falcons again. Senong said: “These friendly matches are all about giving players the opportunity to be tested.” Senong’s charges are in Group F alongside Argentina, Korea Republic and Portugal for the Fifa World Cup which will run from 23 May to 15 June in Poland. From Saudi Arabia the Amajita camp will then move to the World Cup host nation, Poland to face Uruguay on 15 May. The final preparation game will be against Ukraine on 18 May. Senong stated that he is expecting his players to show character and what they capable of when the tournament starts. He said: “This is all about World Cup preparations. We don’t want the team to pick up form early but at the right time when the tournament starts. “We divided our squad into two groups, we allowed the first group to play their 90 minute friendly match on Tuesday for assessment purposes. “We created chances, the first 20 minutes was very tough for our boys, but I am very happy with the exercise. Senong added: “It’s unfortunate that we did not score but I’m proud of the performance, the team keeps on improving in each and every match. But it was good match and I am happy with the information I got from the squad we put out. I am happy with the foundation laid and I believe this team will continue improving moving forward,” Amajita will be appearing at the World Cup for a fourth time. Their previous showings were in 1997‚ 2009 and the last tournament in South Korea in 2017.