The new 24-hour news channel will go  live on DSTV channel 405 on Thursday. Newzroom Afrika is set to shake up the television news scene with a potent line-up
of familiar faces in dynamic new combinations, fresh talent and seasoned
professionals. The channel said that viewers will welcome to their screens respected news
practitioners such as lead anchor Cathy Mohlahlana, politics stalwart
Thulasizwe Simelane, talk show veteran JJ Tabane and sports fiend Marc Lewis,
in a compelling line-up of combinations that have never been seen before. Newzroom Afrika will bring radio to television with the
pairing of talk radio favourites Sizwe Dhlomo and Gugu Mhlungu – alongside Natasha
Thorp - for a refreshing take on breakfast TV, while award-winning news anchors Thabo Mdluli and Thami Ngubeni
round off the on-air team with their extensive broadcast experience. Business commentator Ayabonga Cawe will take the pulse of
the small business sector, with a focus on start-ups and the township economy, and
expert analysis of challenges and solutions. Newzroom Afrika’s journalists will have licence to report
fearlessly on any subject, backed by an independent editorial board chaired by
former Press Ombudsman and veteran editor Joe Thloloe, along with SA Press
Council advocate and Wits journalism educator Dinesh Balliah and former Mail
& Guardian editor and Code for Africa content strategist Chris Roper. Former Power FM head of news Dianne Hawker heads up the news
and current affairs department. A partnership between television production entrepreneurs
Thabile Ngwato and Thokozani Nkosi, Newzroom Afrika was the winning bidder
selected by MultiChoice to produce a new 24-hour news channel for DStv. “We believe viewers are hungry for a different perspective
that is fully independent and puts their interests first. We made sure in
designing our editorial structure and choosing the members of our editorial
board to hardwire the highest levels of rigour and independence into our
newsroom. “We’ve recruited a high-calibre team of more than 200
journalists, presenters, technicians and digital specialists to help bring our
vision to life and they’ve put in many hours of training and testing to ensure
we’re ready and raring to go by the time we go live,” said Ngwato. “Our aim is to get viewers excited about news again,” says
Nkosi. “We’ll provide verified, credible and authoritative news that people can
trust to keep them informed on issues that matter most to them.” Everything from breaking news and in-depth analysis, to
expert panel discussions, business and sport will be covered in a refreshing
style unique to the new channel. Cutting-edge systems and technology mean Newzroom Afrika
will be broadcast in high-definition, with unmatched remote broadcasting
capabilities that give journalists the freedom to roam wherever the news takes
them. It will be available for streaming on smartphone, tablet or
desktop through DStv Now, and will be open to all subscribers on packages from
DStv Access all the way up to Premium.