HOW THE young fan got onto the pitch is still a mystery. But he has admitted to burying coins under the goalposts. And embattled Maritzburg United are wondering if THE MUTHI WAS TO GET THEM RELEGATED! The discovery of the young football supporter at Harry Gwala Stadium in Pietermaritzburg by Maritzburg United’s kit manager, Zola Luthuli, has left the club shocked and scared. The guy, who is not an inyanga and claims to have been sent by officials from another local club, was found by the technical team on Saturday. He was digging holes in the centre of both goalposts at Harry Gwala Stadium. The concern is that he may have been burying R2 coins that could get the Maritzburg club relegated at the end of the season. This happened after Maritzburg had finished training yesterday. Luthuli and another club official caught him while on their way back after handing the stadium keys to the security guards. He was given a hiding with a sjambok to get the truth. According to SunSport sources, when he was asked who sent him to do the witchcraft, the man said he was sent by someone local and was paid for it. Maritzburg United chairman, Farook Kadodia referred SunSport to Luthuli. “He was found by Zola Luthuli digging under the posts. Please speak to Luthuli. “This is very sad and disturbing for me,” said Kadodia. Luthuli could not be contacted on his phone although he was notified to expect a call from SunSport via WhatsApp. A player at the club said: “It’s tough. People want us to remain in the national First Division next season. “Imagine if this had happened during the day this past weekend.” The team is struggling for every point to survive relegation. Yesterday they were still languishing at the bottom of the log table with 20 points from 26 games, four points behind 15th placed Baroka FC and Chippa United. This is a nightmare season for the Maritzburg side under coach Fadlu Davids that captured the hearts of football fans last season. For the first time in their history they finished fourth on the log table and also reached the final of the Nedbank Cup, which they lost to Free State Stars. With three league games left to be played, they face a great test to remain in the first league. The club’s players are struggling to cope with the team being at the bottom of the log.