TWO bulls will be locking horns in the Joburg City kraal on 5 May. The one bull, draped in green, black and gold, will be on the eastern end, while the other, clad predominantly in red, will be on the south western side. They have both vowed to pull the biggest crowds ever. The ANC will be at Ellis Park in Joburg, while the Red Berets will be at Soweto’s Orlando Stadium. These venues are less than 20km apart. It is interesting that both the African National Congress and the Economic Freedom Fighters have chosen the same date to show their strength just a few days before the 8 May election. Judging by the EFF president’s sentiments at their media briefing last week, staging their rally on the same day as the ANC may have been deliberate. Their president, Julius Malema, said they will match the ANC pound for pound in whatever it does during the electioneering period. He said there is nothing the ANC is doing that the EFF is not doing during the campaign. Talk about obsession with your enemy! In fact, Malema said, they have taken a loan of R10 million in order to have the best election campaign. The governing party has been holding Siyanqoba rallies before the elections since 1994, when the first democratic process kicked in. Would they want to be outdone by minnows. Never! If a toddler party like the EFF can spend so many millions, imagine how many millions the century-old ANC has spent. Again, imagine how many millions rich parties like the Democratic Alliance and others have spent? One of the biggest purpose of these rallies, besides publicity, is to show off the strength of a political party and to “intimidate” their opponents. By the time the last vote is counted, all political parties combined would have spent billions. But it would never cross their minds to build just one toilet at a rural school. They all point fingers at the ANC. This is proof enough that politics is about power and politicians themselves, not the people. Politicians care very little about the wellbeing of the poor masses. Nonetheless, we must go and vote!