WYDAD Casablanca coach Faouzi Benzarti has fired a salvo ahead of the Caf Champions League semifinal showdown with Mamelodi Sundowns at Prince Moulay Abdellah Stadium on Friday night (9pm). The eccentric Benzarti claims the South African authorities didn’t allow their private jet to enter Mzansi’s skies the last time they visited, though the Moroccan authorities did let Sundowns in their territory without a hassle. “This might show that we are more civilised and understanding than them,” Benzarti was quoted as saying yesterday. The comments might not go down well with the diplomats. But for Sundowns, nothing could distract them from the bigger mission to get the crucial away goal, and possibly a win, in the first-leg tie. This match has often been marred by off-field controversies and that goes to underline the rivalry established by the two sides. Already, Caf have added to the brewing tension after they turned down Sundowns’ request for the match to be moved from today to tomorrow, citing travelling logistics. The decision has appeared to favour Wydad as they will face a somewhat half prepared Sundowns team. But that is the least of Pitso Mosimane’s concerns. His team hasn’t won or scored away in Morocco in the last three years they’ve visited. The two have played a total of six times so far, Sundowns winning two, losing three and drawing one. “We haven’t scored in Wydad. It’s either we get a draw or we lose 1-0. We have to score. We’ve got to break that ice. Winning would be nice,” says Mosimane. “We’ve played each other so many times that I can name probably 80 % of the team that will start for Wydad. Their coach can sure do the same with ours,” Mosimane added. “The difference this time is that we haven’t played them away first. Let’s see how they respond when they know they have to come here (second leg). “ It hasn’t been easy for us in the Champions League. We’ve never enjoyed the luxury of playing away first.” Star midfielder Lebohang Maboe admits they face a mammoth task away. “Hopefully we will get an away goal. We just have to give it our all,” said Maboe.