JOHANNA IS going crazy and she needs some sleep. But while the church prays for mercy from the Lord, they have no mercy for frustrated and tired Johanna. FOUR TIMES A WEEK, FROM DUSK TILL DAWN, SHE PRAYS FOR THE CHURCH TO VOETSAK! “These devils must keep quiet. I have nothing against the church but those people are selfish. They are making my life hell!” said Johanna Mtshilibe (40). “I dance up and down in my bed while they praise the Lord with heavy instruments.” She said since Trinity Bible Church was erected next to her shack in Qalabotsha, Villiers in the Free State, she has no peace of mind. “I wake up tired and I have to go to work,” said Johanna. “At night I have to put cotton wool in my ears. I put a big pillow over my head but nothing helps.” Johanna said the TBC church music has even affected her health because she doesn’t sleep enough. “I stay in a zinc shack. The church is also built with zinc and it doesn’t stop the noise. “All the noise ends up in my shack. These days the only time I sleep is when I collapsed due to fatigue!” she said. “If I had money I would build a brick house to absorb the noise.” She said she approached the local police station but cops told her they feared the pastor of the church because he was a rude person. Johanna is not the only person to complain. Another resident, Tsietsi Ndaba, said he doesn’t understand why the church was built so close to their houses. “I study and it’s hard to concentrate because of the noise. We wish cops could do something about it. “We feel helpless because some of the community leaders go to the same church.” Daily Sun spoke to Pastor Mofokeng Sempe of the TBC , who said his church can’t stop holding the service because of few individuals. “This church helps the residents around here. They are targeting my church.” Villiers police spokesman Warrant Officer George Tsotetsi said they will talk to the people who are complaining and see the management of the church and give them a warning. “If they continue with the noise we will confiscate their instruments.” 