IN the wild, any limping animal is at the risk of ending up as the meal for starving predators who have gone for days on end without eating. There are two common phrases used to alert those left alone in the dark: survival of the fittest and eat-or-be eaten. And tonight the Harry Gwala Stadium in Pietermaritzburg will be treated as the creepy, dark wild where Maritzburg United will host Absa Premiership leaders, Orlando Pirates, at 7.30pm. Interestingly, Pirates have been leading the pack for the better of the two months and they would need to stretch their lead at the top to ensure they run away from Mamelodi Sundowns. But at the bottom of the table lie Maritzburg United who are in desperate need for points to avoid the relegation axe that has been shining over their heads, since late last year. Now this top-versus-bottom PSL clash will be treated as a six-pointer and neither side would be happy to leave the stadium as carcasses without three points in the bag. All animals need food to live in the wild, that it how they were created. Predator animals need the flesh of the animals that they kill to survive. Now Maritzburg and Pirates need the points to survive in the tough-as-teak PSL. But things are looking a bit calmer for Pirates who are chasing after their first league title since 2012. And as for Maritzburg coach Eric Tinkler, his frustrations that make them to be likened to a limping springbok in the wild, is that his players are living in fear, but worse they have lost their talisman, Allan Katerrega, to suspension. The on-loan striker from Cape Town City is suspended for this game after he picked up his fourth yellow card in their previous match, a 1-0 loss to Highlands Park on 13 April. The Afcon-bound Uganda international has been sensational for Tinkler since he arrived from the Citizens in the January transfer window. But Tinkler is unshaken by all these challenges, making them to be the weaker side by declaring boldly that Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic’s Pirates are beatable and “we will bring them down”. Said Tinkler: “Anyone is beatable in this league. You saw SuperSport United beating Sundowns (2-0 last week). We have seen such throughout the season that teams are beatable. We must believe.” He advised his players to be clinical and apply themselves very well to achieve their goal of pulling the team out of the rubble they are in. “I spent the past week working on my defence,” explains Tinkler. “I felt it was important especially after the Highlands Park game. I would rather win this game 5-4 than to lose 1-0 and we don’t even have a shot at goal. “That was the situation against Highlands, which was disappointing.” The last time the Maritzburg outfit beat Pirates was back in December 2016 at home 2-0 with goals scored by Bevan Fransman and Brian Onyango. It was that horrendous season for Pirates where for the first time they finished the season outside of the top eight bracket. The Midlands club from KwaZulu-Natal are languishing at the foot of the log with 20 points from 26 games – four points behind 15th placed Baroka FC and Chippa United who are 14th on the table.