Liverpool centre-back Virgil van Dijk was named as England's PFA Player of the Year for 2019 on Sunday. Van Dijk succeeded Liverpool team-mate Mohamed Salah in winning the award, voted for by his fellow players and saw off competition from Manchester City striker Raheem Sterling. But Sterling, 24, was named the Professional Footballers' Association Young Player of the Year, following on from City colleague Leroy Sane. Van Dijk joined Liverpool from Southampton for 75 million ($97 million, 87 million euros) in January 2018. Van Dijk and Sterling honoured at PFA awards Liverpool centre-back Virgil Van Dijk has been named the Professional Footballers' Association's Players' Player of the Year for 2019 after a stellar season for the Reds.

He saw off tough competition from Manchester City forward Raheem Sterling, ... The 27-year-old Dutchman has been an ever-present for Liverpool in their bid to dethrone City as Premier League champions this season, with Sterling's side one point clear of the Reds at the top of the table with just two games left to play. Van Dijk has starred in a hugely improved Liverpool defence that has kept 20 clean sheets and conceded a mere 20 goals in the current campaign. "It's pretty difficult to put into words," said Van Dijk, the first defender to win the award since Chelsea's John Terry 14 years ago. "I think it's the highest honour you can get as a player to get voted player of the year by the players you play against every week. It's special. I'm very proud and honoured to receive it." Van Dijk, who also has a Champions League semi-final against Barcelona to look forward to this week, added: "If you see the standard of strikers or playmakers we have in the league, it's unbelievable." England international Sterling has been praised both for his on-field performances and a willingness to speak out about football's continuing problems with racism. Arsenal Women forward Vivianne Miedema won the Women's Player of the Year award after scoring 22 times to lead the Gunners to their first title since 2012, with her and Van Dijk completing a Dutch double. The north London side were crowned champions with a 4-0 win away to Brighton on Sunday. Miedema was also nominated for the Young Player of the Year award won by Manchester City forward Georgia Stanway. Miedema said: "I'm obviously really proud to represent my team here. I think we've had an amazing year, especially with winning the league today." Meanwhile, the PFA's special achievement award went to Manchester City and England captain Steph Houghton. The 31-year-old defender is set to skipper the Lionesses at this year's World Cup in France. But Houghton has said she could miss the tournament in order to care for her husband, former Liverpool midfielder Stephen Darby, who was diagnosed with motor neurone disease last year. Darby, however, is determined Houghton takes her place in manager Phil Neville's squad. Football Daily - Week 36 Review A look back at week 36 of the Premier League as Manchester City beat Burnley to stay top by one point from Liverpool who thrashed Huddersfield Football Daily - EPL Week 34 Preview A look ahead at week 34 in the Premier League as Liverpool face Chelsea and Manchester City travel to Crystal Palace Liverpool v Huddersfield: Premier League match preview In-depth match preview ahead of the Premier League clash between Liverpool and Huddersfield as Jurgen Klopp's men look to go back to the top of the table with a victory. ‘Game still on’ Klopp after Liverpool's 2-0 win over Porto Different round, same comfortable win for Liverpool as Porto were again left frustrated after a first leg match in the UEFA Champions League. Liverpool built a 2-0 lead over Porto heading into the second leg of their quarter-final thanks to first-... Football Daily - EPL Week 35 Preview A look ahead to week 35 of the Premier League with Manchester City taking on Tottenham and Liverpool facing Cardiff Tottenham training pre Manchester City Tottenham have trained ahead of their UEFA Champions League quarter-final 2nd leg with Manchester City Pochettino says Ajax are favourites in CL semi-final against Tottenham Tottenham are through to the UEFA Champions League semi-finals for the first time after beating Manchester City on the away goals rule following Wednesday's 4-3 loss that left the teams tied 4-4 on aggregate. Manager Mauricio Pochettino said on Th... Kane difficult to replace - Lloris Tottenham keeper Hugo Lloris admits Harry Kane will be difficult to replace for their UEFA Champions League clash with Manchester City 'From hell to heaven' Tottenham's Alderweireld sums up epic UCL win After an epic UEFA Champions League match at the Etihad Stadium on Wednesday, Tottenham Hotspur's Toby Alderweireld says Spurs went from 'hell to heaven' when the VAR (video assistant referee) ruled out Raheem Sterling's stoppage-time goal. The vi... 'Liverpool must go for history and 97 points' - Klopp Beating Manchester City to the title might not be the only thing occupying the minds of Liverpool forwards Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane heading into the final two weeks of the Premier League season. Both players scored twice in Liverpool's 5-0 win... Football Daily - Champs Lg quarter-final review Review of Tottenham's stunning 1-0 win over Manchester City and Liverpool's 2-0 victory over Porto in the Champions League quarter-final 1st legs Emery and Rodgers have split opinions on Maitland-Niles being sent off Reaction from the King Power Stadium on Sunday as Unai Emery's 10-man Arsenal lost 3-0 at Brendan Rodgers' Leicester City in the English Premier League, dealing another blow to their Champions League qualification hopes.  Following Ainsley Maitlan... Spurs v Manchester City data head-to-head 'Head-to-head' data preview to Tottenham Hotspur v Manchester City in the UEFA Champions League, which gets underway in London on Tuesday night (9th April). We will miss Robbo - Van Dijk Liverpool defender Virgil Van Dijk admits they will miss Andy Robertson who's out of the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final with Porto Liverpool vs Huddersfield EPL preview - can Liverpool return to the top of the league? Pre-match stats preview feature as Liverpool look to regain top spot in the Premier League table on Friday night at home against relegated Huddersfield. Football Daily - EPL Week 36 Preview A look ahead at week 36 of the Premier League as Liverpool face Huddersfield and Manchester City travel to Burnley Man Utd vs Man City Data Preview Manchester United face Manchester City at Old Trafford on Wednesday 24th April in the Premier League. Pep Guardiola's side know victory all of their remaining league matches would win them the title.  A win in the Manchester derby would leave them... 'Other players have to step up' with no Kane says Poch Tottenham are backing Son Heung-min to successfully replace injured captain Harry Kane once more ahead of their UEFA Champions League quarter-final second-leg against Manchester City on Wednesday.  Spurs head to the Etihad Stadium with a 1-0 first... Pochettino says he 'was alive again' after Sterling's  disallowed goal Mauricio Pochettino said he was "alive again" after finding out Raheem Sterling's added time goal was disallowed through VAR, in Tottenham Hotspur's 4-4 aggregate victory in the UEFA Champions League quarter-final at Manchester City.  But the Arge... Football Daily - EPL Week 34 Stats Preview A look at the numbers ahead of week 34 of the Premier League as Liverpool welcome Chelsea to Anfield ‘Porto still believe’ coach Conceicao Different round, same comfortable win for Liverpool as Porto were again left frustrated after a first leg match in the UEFA Champions League. Liverpool built a 2-0 lead over Porto heading into the second leg of their quarter-final thanks to first-... Crystal Palace 1-3 Manchester City Data Review Raheem Sterling scored twice against Crystal Palace to inspire Manchester City to a ninth straight Premier League win and send Pep Guardiola's side to the top of the table. Liverpool the best in the world says Porto boss Porto face Liverpool in the quarter-finals of the UEFA Champions League looking to avoid a repeat of the last time these two teams met at the Estadio do Dragao. The Portuguese side hosted Liverpool in the last-16 of the competition last year and l...