BANYANA BANYANA defender Nothando Vilakazi is a living example of the famous saying: “Quitters never win, and winners never quit”. The 30-year-old from Middelburg, in Mpumalanga, completed her overseas move lat Tuesday and she has made her debut for her new Lithuanian side FK Gintra. Vilakazi joined the club on a one-year deal. Talking to SunSport after her switch, the defender revealed that after her failed 2017 move to England, she never thought of quitting. “You know, there would always be disappointments. I told myself giving up was not an option,” she said. “There was an England move which was meant to happen in 2017, but didn’t because I couldn’t find footage on time and the window period came to a close. “That left me disappointed and demotivated. But I had faith that some day it would happen. That day has finally come.” Gintra also gave Banyana midfielder Leandra Smeda a taste of playing in the Uefa Women’s Champions league last year, where she made history becoming the first South African to score in a Women’s Champions League. Vilakazi hopes for Champions League action and to gain valuable experience that would also benefit Banyana in future. Vilakazi said: “I just want to continue playing and do my best each time I get a chance. “Playing in the Champions League would be a dream come true.” Meanwhile, Banyana coach Desiree Ellis has named her 26-player squad for their last friendly match. They will play against the US on 12 May ahead of the Fifa Women’s World Cup debut in France, from 7 June to 7 July. Banyana will play the world champions without the likes of Sweden-based Smeda, Linda Motlhalo and Thembi Kgatlana, who plays in China, due to club commitments, as the fixture does not fall under the Fifa Calendar date. Ellis said: “The absence of the three players comes at a crucial time of our preparation. “You want to have your more experienced players available for such a big match. “Unfortunately, it is not during the Fifa calendar. “Now is the time for other squad members to show their mettle and grab the opportunity with both hands,” she said.