STELLENBOSCH FC are edging closer to the National First Division (NFD) title and automatic promotion to the Premier Soccer League (PSL). Stellies, who occupied top spot for 21 weeks straight before Royal Eagles toppled them last week, are back at the summit with two games to go. Their 2-1 victory over a TS Galaxy outfit oozing with confidence on Wednesday following their Nedbank Cup exploits, saw Stellies ease some nerves heading into the final two matches of the season. One of the standout performers for Stellies, striker Iqraam Rayners, bagged a brace against the high-flying Rockets and will be key in the remaining matches. The 23-year-old from Mitchell's Plain is hoping his 19 goals so far in the league will lead them to the land of milk and honey. Rayners also has his sights set on breaking Phumelele “Ace” Bhengu’s NFD record of 22 goals which he set in the 2014-2015 season while on the books of now defunct Thanda Royal Zulu. “Of course I am aware of the record,” said Rayners. “It’s a personal goal of mine to break it, but the most important thing is to help the team achieve its goal, which is promotion. “We have two important games left, we have to give all we have to ensure we stay at the top. "To be honest, the league is ours to lose now and it's a great feeling because no one really gave us a chance at the beginning of the season." The scenario is clear for the Cape Winelands team – win both of their remaining matches and they will be crowned champions and earn promotion to the big time. However, Rayners and Co know it won’t be easy, especially with Eagles and Ajax Cape Town relentless in their pursuit. Stellies visit neighbours Cape Umoya United at the UWC Stadium on Sunday (3.pm) before concluding their season at home against Maccabi next Sunday. Coach Steve Barker, who has been down this road before having led University of Pretoria to promotion back in 2012, is banking on his experience to get his side over the line. Eagles, who are two points adrift of Stellies in second place, host relegated Witbank Spurs at Chatsworth Stadium while third placed Urban Warriors host Uthongathi at Athlone Stadium. All NFD games kick-off simultaneously on the same day for the final two rounds. 