MAMELODI SUNDOWNS have enough reason to be optimistic about reaching the finals of the Caf Champions League after a narrow 2-1 loss to Wydad Casablanca in the first leg of the semi-finals on Friday night. The second leg will be played at the Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville at 3pm this coming Saturday. The Brazilians will just need to replicate their remarkable performance, which saw them thrashing club of the century Al Ahly 5-1 on aggregate in the quarter-finals – if they are to go all the way to the finals of Africa’s prestigious club tournament. Pitso Mosimane’s charges were boosted by having scored a crucial away goal at the Prince Moulay Abdellah Stadium in Rabat. But the Brazilians will have to bring theirA-game in the second leg, which will not be an easy encounter, as Wydad have upped their game after seeing the Brazilians thrashing eight-time Champions League winners, Ahly 5-0 in the quarter-finals in Pretoria early this month. Downs will need to contain Wydad to not score in Pretoria, as a goal at home will make things more difficult for them to procced to the final. The two clubs have now met seven times in three seasons, with Wydad dominating Downs by registering four wins and one draw, while Downs secured two victories only. Wydad knocked the Brazilians – champions of the 2016 edition – out in the quarter-finals on their path to winning the tournament in 2017. Last year, Wydad held Downs in Pretoria and won at home in Morocco, dumping Sundowns out in the group stages of the competition. In January, Downs managed to beat Wydad 2-1 in a group match in Tshwane, before going down 1-0 in the away leg in March. Fresh from Morocco, Sundowns will travel to Venda to lock horns with Black Leopards in an Absa Premiership encounter at the Thohoyandou Stadium on Wednesday night (7.30pm). Mosimane’s charges will be out to keep their league title hopes alive as they are currently sitting second on the table with 50 points after 27 matches. Downs are currently three points behind log leaders Orlando Pirates, who have amassed 53 points, with one game ahead of Sundowns.