The Springboks will be wearing an “unstoppable” jersey, designed and manufactured by SA Rugby’s official apparel and footwear sponsor ASICS, which features technological advancements to give the men in green and gold an extra edge at the Rugby World Cup in Japan later this year. The new Springbok jersey, which will go on sale in South Africa on Friday (tomorrow), was designed with unique characteristics and features to compliment the playing style and technical requirements of the Boks. At the same time, ASICS launched an all-new brand film, “What is the difference?”, which offers an inside-look into the dedication, sacrifice and focus it requires for a professional rugby player to be selected to represent his country on the biggest stage that rugby has to offer. “It’s a momentous year as the Springboks aim to win our third World Cup in Japan,” said SA Rugby CEO Jurie Roux. “Every little detail counts and that includes all the focus and effort put in by ASICS into making this the most advanced jersey for the Boks to wear in Japan and support them in their quest to reach their goal. ” ASICS and the Springboks tested more than 10 versions of the jersey with 30 different fabrics at their laboratories in Japan. Players were also interviewed about their requirements to give them the necessary advantages on the field, and the message was clear – they don’t want to be restricted by anything and want to feel “unstoppable”. “I don’t want to be restricted by anything when playing,” said Springbok Test centurion Tendai Mtawarira. “The jersey is the perfect balance between fast and strong – and it’s challenging to reach that. ASICS have produced a jersey that not only meets but surpasses expectations of what we wear on the pitch.” Based on this feedback and in-game analysis, ASICS was motivated to create an “UNSTOPPABLE” jersey, devoid of any loose fitting areas or unnecessary tightness.Alistair Cameron. President and CEO of ASICS Europe, Middle East and Africa, said: “The launch of the new Springbok jersey is a chance for us to further expand brand awareness and exposure within the South African market, whilst continuing to support the Springboks in their quest to become the number one rugby side in the world on the biggest stage world rugby has to offer.” 