To celebrate 25 years in existence, the most prestigious music awards show in South Africa returns home to its cradle at the Alberton Civic Theatre, east of Johannesburg tomorrow night. This is where the first ever SAMA was staged in 1994 and the music industry big players and heavy hitters as well as the media will descend on the humble yet historic hall for the release of the nominees list for SAMA25. It promises to be a night of throwbacks and nostalgia as some iconic faces are expected to grace the stage.Veteran television presenter Dosto Noge of Selimathunzi Duku Duku fame teams up with the vibrant child-star come accomplished presenter Hulisani Ravele as hosts of the nominations party. The event will be filled with pleasant surprises and some memorable moments and performances from musicians who defined an era such as Ishmael, Joe Nina, Mapaputsi, Skwatta Kamp, Deborah Fraser and Steve Kekana to today’s powerhouses Rouge, Thinah Zungu and Moonchild to create a potpourri of sounds fit for a 25 year milestone celebration. For the first time in the history of the SAMAs local audiences and around the world can secure a front row seat by streaming the red carpet action as well as the nominations formalities live from Alberton on www.samusicawards.co.za from 7pm to 9pm. The announcement show can also be viewed here and on www.mymuze.com  after the event. As a partner to the SAMAs, My Muze - a new and innovative music gateway, connected by Vodacom - offers many first to market functionalities, and access to everything music.   Vodacom has been a leader in the digital music scene for over a decade. “The last 2 years has seen us shaping the digital music architecture, and we are now reaffirming our commitment to being a leader in digital and music experiences. This partnership gives us the perfect platform to unveil our new offering.” says Rehana Hassim: Vodacom Portfolio Manager - Music Enthused Nhlanhla Sibisi, RiSA CEO: ‘RiSA is excited to welcome My Muze powered by Vodacom to the SAMAs sponsorship family.’  He continues to say: ‘for the SAMAs to reach 25 years is a big deal, we couldn’t be prouder. It speaks to the tenacity and resilience of the institution that we have been entrusted to keep alive and grow. We continue to evolve and reflect the digital times we are in as we cater for the dynamic audience of today. Bringing real time coverage such as the live stream is a sign that the SAMAs are on trend and will be around for a long time. Join in the fun, nobody should be left behind as we toast achievement in the music industry. Stay tuned.’ The MEC for Culture, Arts and Traditional Affairs (CATA) in the North West, Mme Ontlametse Mochware, congratulated the Sama family on the 25-year milestone. "As a sponsor of the SAMAs, we are really proud of the staying power of the awards. We are also proud to be associated with such a huge brand in the entertainment industry. Only a dedicated team could be this resilient in offering South Africa and the world such a prestigious occasion. Here is to another 25 years. It is such a pleasant co-incidence that the awards are as old as the democratic order in our beautiful country." 