SOUTH Africa’s athletics super star Wayde “Dreamer” Van Niekerk and T-Systems’ sponsorship renewal, which was scheduled to take place in December, could not happen. That’s because the IT company’s staffers threatened to down tools. Workers are unhappy that their company is filling the Olympic record holder’s account with millions, while they their salaries and bonuses are not something to write home about. The proposed announced was moved to this month, but we are nearing February and T-Systems is yet to make a public announcement on the deal. The technology giant could not confirm nor deny the allegations when approached for comment on the matter. The two parties have penned a new three-year deal that will go beyond the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan with the 43.03 seconds Olympic 400m record-holder and double 400m world champion. Thami Malinga, T-Systems communications specialists, could not confirm nor deny the workers’ gripe about Van Niekerk’s proposed new deal. Instead of giving clarity over the allegations, Malinga was happy to explain how the company was excited to renew their partnership with one of the biggest names in world athletics. Malinga said: “We can confirm that we’ve renewed our sponsorship with Wayde for a further three years. “We’re excited about this and still believe in Wayde and his talent. “We’ll be with him still in the next Olympic Games in 2020.” Malinga said his company and Wayde’s representatives were still engaged in talks regarding the timing of the public announcement. Malinga added: “Currently, we’re busy, together with Wayde’s team, around the timing for a public announcement and initiatives that we will be undertaking together.” Van Niekerk’s agent Peet Van Zyl also confirmed to SunSport that his client had signed the new deal. Wayde is in Bloemfontein getting ready for the new season with his coach, Ans Botha, after being sidelined by injury the whole of last season. Van Zyl told SunSport: “The new deal with T-Systems is signed and sealed. We’re happy with it. “We’re just waiting for them [-Systems] to get back to us with the date to make the deal public. “We don’t know what is thehold-up, but it’s up to them to make a decision as to when they will be making a public announcement. “For now, Wayde’s focus is on his training and will come to Joburg upon request. “The coach is happy with his fitness level and we’re optimistic about the new season,” he said.