Television and radio personality, Anele Mdoda has let fans in on a rather personal part of her life. The normally private personality spoke about the 10th year anniversary of the mother’s passing on social media this past weekend. She shared a picture of her late mom with a message that she received from her dad on the day her mom passed on. The somber post is a prayer that Anele’s dad sent to the heavens when the tragedy fell on their family in 2009. “On this day, 10 years ago I made a covenant (umnqophiso) with God. He/She pledged to be by my side when I asked Him ‘what do I do now that you have taken my pillar of strength. As man, how do I handle nurturing and raising four girls at their tender age?” her father prayed. Anele’s dad went on to say that although tough times had come upon them, they will weather the storm and come rise again. “More challenges may still come! Yes - we will fall but sure as sun coming from the East, we will rise again and again and again. To you Mphankomo, Jola, Qengeba - Gone too soon but never forgotten. We will always remember you. Continue looking over us so that we are able to rise whenever we falter,” the prayer ends. Message from my dad on the day my mom passed ten years ago. : #10 years on! On this day, 10 years ago I made a covenant (umnqophiso) with God. He/She pledged to be by my side when I asked Him ‘what do I do now that you have taken my pillar of strength. As man, how do I handle nurturing and raising four girls at their tender age?’ Ghast winds (inkqwithela) have come and gone and left us standing. Wena Thixo, together with Amamfene and ooJola next to You assigned the best of angels to shine light on our paths. More challenges may still come! Yes - we will fall but sure as sun coming from the East, we will rise again and again and again. To you Mphankomo, Jola, Qengeba - Gone too soon but never forgotten. We will always remember you. Amamfene are eternally greatful for the life we shared with you and the beautiful children you gave us! Continue looking over us so that we are able to rise whenever we falter - Pat. A post shared by  zintathu (@zintathu) on Jan 4, 2019 at 8:32am PST   