IDIBALA fans fainted on December 31. THERE'S no doubt that King Monada's song, Malwedhe, was one of the most popular songs in Mzansi leading up to the festive season. It was even enjoyed by people in other African countries and even overseas. Many Limpopeans expected the song to be played as a cross-over song on December 31, on the province's biggest Radio station. But that was not the case. Now the Limpopo based SABC Radio station, Thobela FM, has angered its listeners. They took to the station's Facebook page to complain about the station’s Song of the Year. The station played Master KG’s song, Skeleton Move, as a crossover song. But listeners are convinced that there was corruption. According to them, King Monada was their choice and the votes must have been manipulated. Listeners say Thobela FM’s Alpheus DJ Boleli Mailula must explain why he tweeted: “You can’t disappoint DJ Boleli and win…Big Up to Master KG – Skeleton Move… Song Of the Year.” Listeners believe he was referring to King Monada and are calling for his suspension and investigation. Thobela FM has not responded to the comments regarding the issue. In a post that attracted close to 1000 comments, listeners have called the station corrupt. Going through the comments on Twitter and Facebook, It also appears that some DJs and producers at Thobela Fm have a beef with King Monada and his manager. Some claim to have never even heard of the chosen song of the year before. Song of the year is voted in by the station’s audience. From what am seeing on social media most people are not happy with @ThobelaFMYaka song of the year, 2 questions i have 1. Did they vote ?2. Does it mean to be voted you are the best ?If maybe they ThobelaFM can give us the votes to see for ourselves @KwenistoRadio @Thabofm  Ask this thobela fm producer why king monada wasn't on thobela fm. Can we not undermine how big Malwedhe was in 2018 by a radio station listeners choosing a great song over another great song. For me personally I always said either prince kaybee or malwedhe for song of the year. pic.twitter.com/C9MqoOgf41 #ThobelaFm presenters are allowed to do this? Just asking pic.twitter.com/DM1IiET90I Comments on ThobelaFM today??kwenisto and DjBoeli a bana chance xem???? pic.twitter.com/TfGx7c0pTA ThobelaFM DJ out of order, putting it clear that it's not votes that determine the song of the year but DJs pic.twitter.com/0UZ21ipAFi #ThobelaFM we see you!Monada is still the King ?? @thobelafm owe you an apology for what they did to you at the last hours of 2018 pic.twitter.com/Ez7Jykc9DY @Thobelafm I never trusted Thobela fm, It seems to be a family business this station.. Thobelafm is a trash radio station I will never ever listen to your trash radio mxm   