SPORTS and Recreation Minister Tokozile Xasa has revealed her department will contribute R5 million in the next three years to the Safa National Women’s League. The national league will be launched in April, ushering in a new era for the women’s game in the country. Xasa was speaking yesterday at a breakfast she hosted for Banyana Banyana ahead of their two international friendlies in Cape Town. Banyana will face Netherlands on Saturday in the inaugural Winnie Mandela international challenge at Cape Town Stadium (3pm). Three days later, they will lock horns with Sweden in a Albertina Sisulu centenary challenge at the same venue (7pm). These matches are also part of Banyana’s preparations for the Fifa Women’s World Cup to be held in France from 7 June until 7 July. Xasa says her department is determined to support women’s football in the country and build on the platform that has been laid by the current generation of Banyana, who recently qualified for their first ever World Cup. The minister told Banyana players: “In the next three years we are availing R5 million towards the Safa Women’s League, and we want to challenge corporate South Africa to come to the party as well. We want to produce more golden girls like yourselves. “I challenge South Africans to support this league and women’s football by going to the stadiums. We want more women who come to Premier Soccer League matches to come and support Banyana.” Xasa says their main goal is to have women’s footballers paid as professionals in the same way as their male counterparts. “The issue of inequality should get into agenda because it is where we are battling. We want to see them in the leadership structures of football,” she added. “We want to see women in the boardrooms where decisions are taken. “We want to see them earning out of football in future.” “As a department, it is important for us to show what we are doing in order to assist in our journey to fight this inequality. “Hopefully, we can turn around the mindset in terms of sponsors to get to the level where you can be comfortable as you dedicate your time to play the game. You need to be rewarded for this.”