If you haven’t heard as yet, then where have you been? Pearl Thusi will this year become the first woman in Africa and the first black woman globally to be a roast master on one of Comedy Central’s iconic roasts. In particular, she will chair AKA’s roast later next month. This is explosive news given the history between Pearl and AKA, meaning that we are in for one of the best roasts we have ever seen. As we all know, AKA, who will take the hot seat and be roasted like a good piece of lamb, is the baby daddy to Pearl’s best-friend, DJ Zinhle. Zinhle and AKA dated for several years before he cheated on her with Bonang Matheba while she was pregnant, later leaving her for Queen B*. Zinhle and Pearl then became friends through their joint hatred of AKA, who will now be roasted. To make things even more spicy, Zinhle and AKA are allegedly back together, so it will be very interesting to see how Pearl will handle this one. READ ALSO: PEARL REJECTS PARENTING ADVICE FROM "VIRGINS" “I’m very excited to be the Roast Master and to work with Comedy Central for the first time. To be the first female Roast Master in Africa and first black woman globally is a great achievement. To AKA - we’ve talked a lot of mess on twitter and in private, but now we’re going to settle this in front of the world, with no one to protect you. This is deeper than rap beef. It will be on stage and to your face. I honestly can’t wait. Oh, and I won’t be alone as I’ve got a team of Roasters with me. So poetic. Just remember: COMPOSURE, COMPOSURE,” the Lip Sync Battle Africa host said in a statement. So needless to say, Mama Pantha’s appointment as the roast master has caused a stir in SA entertainment with Twitter blowing up with fan reactions. And the fact that she’s Africa’s first female roast master is setting people off even more. Come the 21st of February, rapper AKA will get roasted by ten of South Africa’s biggest names. The Comedy Central Roast of AKA in partnership with Showmax will go down at the Teatro, Montecasino on Thursday, 21 February 2019. The show will, as with the roast of Somizi, be open to the public but will also air on Comedy Central at a later date with an uncensored version being streamed on Showmax afterwards. Check out the best reactions to the news below:  