HE USED to get away with stealing.But this time the gogo’s muthi plan has worked, because he has been bust and charged.THIS TIME HE IS KNOCKING AT THE DOOR OF A COLD JAIL CELL!Gogo Evelyn Ndima from Tsakane, south of Boksburg in Gauteng, told Daily Sun she was tired of her grandson, Sibusiso Ndima, and embarrassed by him. The gogo claims the young man (22) stole from everybody. And the gogo was always paying for damages with money she didn’t have. “I tried calling him to order but he just wouldn’t listen. I fight with people all the time because of him.” So she made a plan. “I visited a prophet and got muthi to teach him a lesson,” she said. “I used muthi and water to wash his clothes and it worked!” He was arrested last Friday after allegedly stealing from a neighbour. This time he has appeared in the Tsakane Magistrates Court and although he has been released on bail, the community– and his gogo – believe he will end up in jail. Gogo Evelyn said she wanted people to know that she also hates what he is doing. “I wish he could stay in jail for good because he’s a headache to everyone.” Angry residents said they didn’t know where to hide their valuables anymore. “We’ve been punished for too long. We can’t live like this,” said an angry resident. Lolo Jacobs, the latest alleged victim, told Daily Sun she found the glass from her sliding door scattered all over the floor and the frames removed. “We slept at a friend’s place because we are renovating our house, but when we came back the following day we found the sliding door frame missing and the glass shattered,” said Lolo. “Our neighbour tells us he saw him coming out of my yard claiming I hired him to work in my garden.” Later he was caught red-handed trying to break up the frame to sell it to a scrapyard. “We caught him and called the cops.” Lolo said the suspect was taken to Tsakane Police Station. Captain Johannes Ramphora confirmed that a suspect was arrested and appeared in court. He will make his second appearance soon.