THE ELECTORAL Commission (IEC) has welcomed the signing into law by President Cyril Ramaphosa of the Political Party Funding Act. The IEC CEO, Sy Mamabolo, told the media that agreeing to the act is another historic milestone in the continuing entrenchment of electoral democracy in the country. He said they were already working full steam on preparations for the implementation of the relevant sections of the act from 1 April 2019. “The drafting of regulations relating to the various aspects of the Act is already underway and it is expected that they will be published for public comment before end of February,” he said. He said the vital part of the implementation will also include education and training of political parties and private donors on the new Act and how to meet their obligations. Mamabolo said if any party fails to disclose their donors, they could possibly face consequences. “They can be liable to pay a fine or a criminal prosecution could take place,” he said. He was speaking during a media briefing on the readiness of the final voter registration. He said it’s all system go for the final registration this coming weekend. Mamabolo said preparations are in place for the country’s 22 925 voting stations to open from 8 am to 5 pm on Saturday and Sunday. He said the final registration will allow new voters to register, all existing voters to update, check their address and registrations details. “Each voting station will be stocked with registration forms in all official languages and will also be equipped with zip ID scanner which contains the voter’s roll and help to link each visitor to the voting station and ward,” he said. He said there were currently 26 million registered voters on the national common voter’s roll and the IEC hopes at least one million additional voters will be added during this weekend’s registration drive. He appealed to young people to exercise their rights and register to vote. “This is an opportunity to show that you have reached the adulthood,” he said.