The African National Congress welcomes the 2018 matric
results released by the Minister of Basic Education, Angie Motshekga. “We extend our heartfelt congratulations and good wishes
to all the learners who worked tirelessly to raise the bar in the 2018 matric
outcomes.  Those who fell short must
persevere and work harder, while making the best use of option available to
them,” said Zizi Kodwa, acting National spokesperson. Kodwa said the 2018 results are an affirmation that the
painstaking process to transform the education system and the significant
investment “we make every year are bearing fruit”. “We are encouraged by the upward momentum demonstrated by
provinces that have historically struggled to improve their performance,” he
said. “The significant achievements by a number of provinces,
is cause to celebrate and must spur us on, to achieve better results.  The drop in the Northern Cape and Western
Cape is a cause for concern which requires immediate attention to arrest the
decline and improve learner performance this year. “The ANC’s
commitment to quality education that is relevant and adequately responds to the
demands of radical socio-economic transformation and the 4th industrial
revolution, has never been greater.  We
have come a long way in realising access, redress and equity in education and
we must stay the course by placing greater emphasis on quality teaching and
learning outcomes, enhance the skills and competencies of educators and
enhancing accountability systems to ensure the achievement of quality outcomes.” Kodwa added that while they celebrate the strides they
have made, which find expression in the improving matric results, the
challenges loom large. “At the heart of these challenges is the role of civil
society in ensuring that no learner is deprived of a right to education.  We should all be outraged when sections of a
community shut down schools and prohibit learners from getting an education for
any amount of time.  We should not be
cowed to silence when schools are burnt down under the pretext of service
delivery protests.  As a nation, we must
find each other and rally behind a common vision that propels us forward and
guarantees the future of our learners. 
For this reason, education remains an apex priority of the ANC. “We congratulate the class of 2018 for their sterling
performance and the hard work of educators, school governing bodies, parents
and the broader civil society, who have provided an invaluable support system
to the learners.”