Flamboyant businessman, Kenny Kunene and his wife, Nonkululeko have welcomed their second little bundle of joy. This is after their first son, Remo Mokgethwa who is now almost two-years-old. Their second child together, a daughter named Reemona was born on the 5th of January 2019. WATCH: KENNY’S SON RECEIVES LAVISH BDAY GIFTS! The little baby girl also has her own Instagram account just like her big brother whose handle is @babybillionairekunene. Reemona’s Instagram handle is @pinkbabybilliionaire and is already sitting on 2.4K followers. On the account, Kenny and his wife show off the baby’s first dummy, a diamond encrusted dummy that has been imported. WATCH: KENNY GETS HIS WIFE A 2M TALL HUBBLY! Just after Reemona was born, Kenny couldn’t stop gushing over his wife on social media. “Thank you for taking the birth pains again my love, I was by your side during the birth of REMO and now I also witnessed the birth of our new bundle of joy REEMONA,” he began.“Thank you MaRemo for believing in me and our love when most reduced me to a love drop out, thank you for sacrificing everything to be my wife n the mother of my kids even those from my previous marriage. The birth of Reemona is a further confirmation of our commitment to each other and our family. I love you with all my heart n soul. I thank God and our Ancestors for the healthy new born n also for your excellent health before, during and after delivery,” he said. KENNY THANKFUL TO GOD AND ANCESTORS FOR HIS WIFE! Thank you for taking the birth pains again my love, I was by your side during the birth of REMO @babybillionairekunene n now I also witnessed the birth of our new bundle of joy REEMONA @pinkbabybillionaire. Thank you MaRemo for believing in me n our love when most reduced me to a love drop out, thank you for sacrificing everything to be my wife n the mother of my kids even those from my previous marriage. The birth of Reemona last Saturday the 5th January 2019 is a further confirmation of our commitment to each other and our family. I love you with all my heart n soul. I thank God n our Ancestors for the healthy new born n also for your excellent health before, during n after delivery. #KKFamilyLove ???????????? A post shared by  kenny kunene (@kenny_kunene) on Jan 10, 2019 at 11:44pm PST   