Actor and fitness enthusiast, Clint Brink says that he and his wife, Steffi van Wyk-Brink are lucky to have survived an incident that could've ended tragically. The couple were held at gunpoint during a robbery in Midrand almost two weeks ago but were lucky enough to escape unharmed. Since then, an outpouring of support has been sent to Clint and Steffi on social media with fans expressing their love and concern. In response to the concerned choir of fans on social media, Clint has come out to not only thank his fans but also to assure them that he and his wife are doing just fine. “Thank you to everyone who expressed concern. For your prayers and well wishes. My wife & I are still lucky to walk away from an incident like this unharmed. Many other people suffer a very different fate,” he said. He went on to say that he harbours no ill will towards the person who did this unspeakable act to them. CLINT BRINK AND WIFE HELD AT GUNPOINT “Someone DM'd me to ask me if I am mad at the gun men...to which I responded, no. The way I see it is that The Sin of one contributes to the sin of all. We make people like that by not being good fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters, friends, good examples of human beings. We make situations like that happen because of our greed and not caring for poverty, turning a blind eye…with our gluttony, envy, jealousy, wrath, sloth,” he said. He further blamed society’s ill-mannered nature for creating people who use guns. “We encourage behavior like that by being proud-filled, materialistic, racist, sexist, ego-driven, classist and arrogant in nature. The ripple effect of our own small individual sins combines with the small individual sin of everyone else and contributes to incidents like this,” he went. He suggested that only a higher power could save us. “That's why we need God so much more than we know and the longer we avoid that truth the more we will drown in our own actions,” he preached. Thank you to everyone who expressed concern. For your prayers and well wishes. My wife @steffionthebrink & I are still lucky to walk away from an incident like this unharmed. Many other people suffer a very different fate. Someone DM'd me to ask me if I am mad at the gun men...to which I responded..No. The way I see it is that The Sin of one contributes to the sin of All. We make people like that..by not being good fathers , mothers , brothers , sisters ,friends, good examples of human beings...We make situations like that happen because of our greed and not caring for poverty, turning a blind eye ..with our gluttony , envy , jealousy , wrath , sloth ...We encourage behavior like that by being proudfilled , materialistic , racist , sexist , ego driven , classist and arrogant in nature ... The ripple effect of our own small individual sin combines with the small individual sin of everyone else and contributes to incidents like this...That's why we need God so much more than we know..and the longer we avoid that truth...the more we will drown in our own actions.. #2019_is_DestinySeason #Attitude_of_Gratitude #GodAboveUsAll A post shared by  CLINT BRINK (@clintonthebrink) on Jan 3, 2019 at 8:17am PST   