The Nedbank Cup has been known to dish out a few surprises in the past. Mzansi’s version of the FA Cup, the Ke Yona Cup is set to spring more surprises. Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila have already set the tone by booting Polokwane City out the cup with a shock 2-1 win on Wednesday. TUT will be looking to do the same when they take on National First Divison (NFD) side Cape Umoya at Athlone Stadium on Friday (3pm). The other fixture on Friday is an all Premier Soccer League encounter with AmaZulu welcoming Highlands Park at King Zwelithini Stadium (8pm). Mamelodi Sundowns will have to negotiate their way past Chippa United in between their hectic Caf Champions League and domestic league schedule if they are to secure a treble this season. Elsewhere, Maccabi take on amateur team The Magic on Tuesday at Dobsonville Stadium. Coach Joel Masutha has warned his players against underestimating their opponents. “There will be hell to pay if we don’t win,” said Masutha, “ but we are anticipating a tough match because teams from the lower leagues are usually very motivated. “They will want to make a name at our expense, we don’t want to embarrass this brand by losing against the minnows so we are taking this game serious.” Meanwhile, SuperSport United will have revenge in mind when they face their hoodoo team Cape Town City at the Cape Town Stadium on Saturday (3pm) Captain Dean Furman says the Nedbank Cup is their last realistic chance of silverwear this season after they were beaten by the Citizens in the MTN8 final early this season. “The defeat against them is still fresh in our minds,” said Furman, “they are a tough side, they have pace and they can get behind quite easily. “But, we are getting our confidence back and getting back to the level we want to be and I hope we stay there.” Kaizer Chiefs will hope to have an easy ride against Tornado FC on Sunday. Other Nedbank Cup Last 32 fixtures. Friday 25 January Cape Umoya United vs TUT. (Athloe Stadium at 3pm) Amazulu fc vs Highlands Park (King Zwelithini Stadium at 3pm) Saturday 26 January Umvoti v TS Glaxy (Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium at 3pm) Chippa v Mamelodi Sundowns (Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium 3pm) Free State Stars v Richards Bay (Goble Park 3pm) Black Leopards v Orlando Pirates ( Thohoyandou Stadium, 6pm) Cape Town City v SuperSport United (Cape Town Stadium, 8:15pm) Tjakastad v Golden Arrows (Kanyamazane Stadium, 8:15pm) Sunday 27 January Super Eagles v Bloemfontein Celtic ( Goble Park, 3pm) Witbank Spurs v Maritzburg United (PUMA Rugby Stadium, 3pm) Mbombela United v NC Professionals FC (Kanyamazane Stadium. 3pm) Tornado FC V Kaizer Chiefs (Sisa Dukashe Stadium, 3pm) Tuesday 29 January Maccabi v The Magic FC (Dobsonville Stadium, 7.30pm) Baroka v Jomo Cosmos (Peter Mokaba Stadium, 7.30pm)   