Television and radio personality, Masechaba Ndlovu has this week had tongues wagging over several of her Instagram posts. In a series of pictures and heartfelt captions, Masechaba opened up about her spiritual journey over the past five years. She also let fans in on who her spiritual mentors, friends and gogos are. ICYMI: LETOYA IS UNAPOLOGETIC ABOUT HER CALLING! This left many people speculating that the MetroFM host has finally heeded her calling to become a sangoma. Of course, Masechaba is yet to fully disclose the nature of the pictures on her social media. But for now, it does seem that yet another famous face has become a sangoma, with the pictures having been taken at a recent ceremony where Masechaba's friends and family were present and everyone was in traditional regalia. READ ALSO: LETOYA CONDEMNS MUTI KILLINGS BY SANGOMAS In one of her first posts, Masechaba lets us in on her relationship with celebrity sangoma, Gogo Dineo. She said that their relationship began five years ago, when Masechaba invited her to be a guest on her e.tv talk show and later, a resident traditional healer on her PowerFM talk show. “Together, we built the most revolutionary broadcast feature of its time, where we unpacked African spirituality and facilitated the cultural and spiritual awakening of Africans all over the world. She is my friend, my lover, my teacher and my sister in healing. We will not stop. Africa is rising,” Masechaba said. ICYMI: Lerato answered her ancestral calling! Gogo Dineo is now a resident traditional healer for the Fresh Breakfast Show on MetroFM. She also gave us rare insight on her spiritual relationship with fellow television personality and rapper, Boity who officially became a sangoma in 2018. “My spiritual sister, Gogo Boitumelo. Because sisterhood is about building, sharing and being truthful with one another. I love you Boity. You are the real deal,” Masechaba said to her. READ ALSO: YES, I AM A SANGOMA! To add fuel to the fire, Masechaba shared images and captions that made it seem as though her fellow spiritual healers and gogos were hugging her and welcoming her into the family. “The true definition of HUMILITY is POWER under control,” she said in one post. In addition, Masechaba’s family, including her mother, were present at the ceremony that seems to have been held recently. My relationship with @gogodineo began 5 years ago when I invited her to be a guest on my primetime Talk Show on eTV. Thereafter, when I conceptualized Power Life, my radio talkshow on Power FM, I brought her on as a resident traditional Healer and together, we built the most revolutionary broadcast feature of its time, where we unpacked African spirituality and facilitated the cultural and spiritual awakening of Africans all over the world. She is my friend, my lover, my teacher and my sister in healing. We will not stop. Africa is rising. #ProudlyAfrican #Thokoza?????? Photo cred: @boity A post shared by  Masechaba Ndlovu ???? (@masechabandlovu) on Jan 13, 2019 at 3:16am PST  "Someone, somewhere is waiting on you to do what you've been called to do." #Thokoza?????? A post shared by  Masechaba Ndlovu ???? (@masechabandlovu) on Jan 13, 2019 at 3:22am PST  My spiritual sister, Gogo Boitumelo. Because sisterhood is about building, sharing and being truthful with one another. I love you @Boity. You are the real deal. A post shared by  Masechaba Ndlovu ???? (@masechabandlovu) on Jan 13, 2019 at 3:26am PST  The true definition of HUMILITY is POWER under control.?????#Thokoza?????? A post shared by  Masechaba Ndlovu ???? (@masechabandlovu) on Jan 14, 2019 at 12:45am PST  QUEENS. (My mom is so camera shy???) A post shared by  Masechaba Ndlovu ???? (@masechabandlovu) on Jan 14, 2019 at 1:06am PST   