More and more local celebrities are coming out in defense of Amapiano music. This as the Pretoria-born sound has been put in the spotlight by a German-born/American-based House producer, DJ and radio, Lars Behrenroth. Lars angered many South Africans when he called the genre a “snoozefest” over the weekend, prompting nationwide anger. BLACK COFFEE: EXPLOIT US BUT RESPECT US TOO In addition to fans of the genre, local musicians have come out guns blazing to stand in solidarity with the Capital City’s creatives who gave birth to the genre. Yesterday, we reported that both Black Coffee and Kid Fonque had stood up to Lars and his stance. Since then, more stars have added their voice to the conversation. ICYMI: KABZA DE SMALL IS KING OF AMAPIANO House and Gqom vocalist, Busiswa was among them when she said: “I hope Amapiano gets the takeover it deserves this year and proves its haters wrong”. Meanwhile, the people’s best friend, Zakes Bantwini also says he is unashamedly a fan of the Amapiano sound, which has sometimes been called ghetto or “ratchet” but has been gaining major traction lately, slowly building its respect and solidifying its place in our nation’s culture. “I am a fan of Kwaito, Gqom, and Amapiano. I am not ashamed. I’m a House head but these genres are pure South African and need to be supported by every South African,” said Zakes. READ ALSO: TSHWARA HIT MAKER, PENCIL, JOINS SONY MUSIC Rap sensation, Abuti FillUp told his Tsibipians that they better fit in or ship out. “If you don’t know how to dance, this might be the year you have to learn. Thank you Mapiano,” said Cassper Nyovest. But JULLiAN GOMES summed it up perfectly when he said: :Young black South Africans came from nothing and started amapiano & gqom and are supporting their families off these movements. From one house head to another, it’s ok to listen to house music and still show respect. Have your taste but don’t disrespect the people of South Africa”. GO WILD WITH AMAPIANO JAMS! Check out all the messages of solidarity below:  