FORMER Bosasa COO Angelo Agrizzi’s bombshells just keep on coming, as he has revealed how they bribed Correctional Services officials to get lucrative tenders. Agrizzi says Bosasa was given information about a tender by Correctional Services before everyone else had. He says they had the relevant information to prepare tender documents. The tender was reportedly advertised on 14 Oct 2005, after the planning had all been done for a integrated system that was needed by Correctional services. Responding to a question about the likelihood of Sondolo IT getting the contract at the commission, Agrizzi: “It was a given. It was prepped before the time.” "Don't worry my mate, it's been taken care of. We will get it," Gavin Watson reportedly said. According to Agrizzi, five months later on 3 March 2006 a R224-million televisions contract was awarded to Sondolo IT. He says in 2007, Watson and himself met with former correctional services commissioner Linda Mti at his house in house in Savannah Hills. "Do you see this beautiful house you built for this politician? Watson said to me,” Agrizzi said. He explained that there was a company called Riekele Construction, which was operated by Riaan Hoeksma that was involved in the building of Mti house. Agrizzi detailed how he was also involved in the construction of Patrick Gillingham's house. “All the costs for building the houses were paid by Bosasa through a special company Danny Mansell had set up, called Grande Four. False invoices were submitted to Bosasa by Grande Four,” Agrizzi said. Agrizzi added that when they heard of the SIU investigation they had to get rid of any evidence that could implicate Gavin Watson or Danny Mansell. He says they went into the electronic system and began deleting original invoices to replace them with fraudulent ones. Mti reportedly left the house which was built for him, 18 months after his resignation. He allegedly continued paying rent, because he thought he was going to get all the funds back. After everything had settled, the house was transferred into Mti’s name, as it was registered under Autumn Storm Investments 119. Autumn Storm Investments was a company in which Riekele Construction had an interest. 