LOSING our dad wasn’t something that anyone could have
prepared us for. “We loved our father more than words can express and we will
always keep him in our hearts.” These were moving words uttered by the daughter of the late
football legend Phil Chippa Masinga, Tinyiko. She took to the podium with her siblings Sifiso, Buhle and
Tatyana and shared the fond memories with their father. Tinyiko, who battled to hold her tears back said, “He loved
us so much, he was not afraid to show us. “He always had a big smile every time he sees us. “Even when he was in hospital, it gave us hope that he will
beat what’s making him ill. “As much as it hurt us, we are at peace that he is no
longer,” she said. She said it was never a dull moment when they were all
together. “I remember he had a way of asking us if we had boyfriends
in our lives. He would say where is “Jacob”? Calling people Jacob was his thing
and I don’t know why.” She said the death of their death to reflect, appreciate
time and our loved ones. Humble, stubborn and gentle giant, these are some of the
words were used to describe the late football legend Phil Chippa Masinga. Old, current and future generation of players descended to
the Grace Bible Church, in Soweto were Chippa was remembered in a memorial
service. Safa President, Danny Jordaan, Doctor Irvin Khoza, Shakes
Mashaba, Doctor Khumalo, Brian Baloyi, Jimmy Tau were some of the  big names in attendance. His wife, Ntombi Nombewu wept as friends and team mates
shared the memories they shared with him. Sundowns legend Daniel Mambush Mudau who recalls the goal
that took South Africa to the 1998 world cup. “When I saw that goal, I wanted a statue of him to be build
scoring that goal.” He said he was inspired by Chippa as a footballer. Former Bafana Bafana teammate, Mark Fish said the current
Bafana Bafana team must honor Chippa by winning their next match against Libya
and qualify for the 2019 Afcon tournament. Emotional Lucas Radebe, who played with Chippa in England
for Leeds united said he made an impact in football and also in his life. He when he was at Leeds United, Chippa was one person he
could relate to and speak the same language. Chippa’s Friend Peter Rashama said he was lucky to be
friends and rub shoulders with the legend. “He adored me, I don’t know why he liked me,” he said. Jokingly Peter, who was wearing a number 6 Bafana Bafana
Jersey said Phil was not a good dancer, he was trying. Sharing some of the old fond memories, Peter said he and
Phil had a mutual friend by the name of Ali Masinga. “They became close, and they were calling each other Singas” But things changed when Phil retired as a professional foot
baller. Ali, their mutual friend changed his surname to Maseko two
months after Chippa retired from football. He also pointed out that Chippa not on the SAFA’s wall of
fame, but he has been promised that Chippa’s name will be there. Peter also revealed Chippa’s long kept secret. “Phil is was
a pirates fan, I asked him to reveal which team he supports, he said that I
will reveal it for him when he dies.”  