Actress, presenter and model, Thando Thabethe has weighed in on the ongoing “open up the industry” dialogue. In its essence, the dialogue has been about the creation of a broader arts and entertainment industry landscape that recognizes new and emerging talent, creating equal opportunity for emerging and established talent, and making resources available for artist hopefuls. This has been an ongoing conversation in popular culture for over a year now and various celebrities have expressed their views on the matter. The latest personality to throw her two cents into the mix is Thabooty herself. But her comments on the issue might just shock you. SEE ALSO: FANS REACT TO PEARL BEING MASTER OF AKA ROAST Her remarks were brought about by a Twitter user who commented that Pearl Thusi was “handed” the Roast Master gig by Comedy Central because she is an IT Girl. Thabooty jumped straight in and called nonsense on the whole thing. “Enough of this!!! How does it make sense to anyone that because you’ve worked to a certain point no more must come your way???!!! Let’s get off Twitter and grind!!! Instead of being so concerned about others’ grind,” she said. She went on to make even bolder remarks on the issue, outright stating that she won’t open up the industry for anything. “I will be damned before I’m told to open up the industry!!! Open it up for yourself like all of us did!!! To this day...I audition!!! I’ve worked very hard to get where I am...and I’m only just getting started,” she ranted. ICYMI: 10 TIMES THANDO ROCKED A BIKINI! For some strange reason, Thando felt personally attacked by the “open up the industry” movement. “It’s also so damn funny that most of this is pointed at the very hardworking so called “it girls” working their damn asses off!!! When the “it boys” that no one labels diversify no one complains,” she went on. Everyone was literally baffled by her remarks because not only did she completely miss the point of the movement, she also failed to see that the movement has never been about it girls or boys but about the gatekeepers who actively keep emerging talent out of the business. “I normally don’t get involved in this stuff but can we not be an entitled generation waiting like “it’s my turn now” ...GET IT!!! It’s not coming to you. I auditioned countless of times for #HousekeepersMzansi get off twitter and rather use that data for something towards your goals,” she went on. She then went on to tell people to “open up their own industry”. PICS: THANDO SERVES BODY GOALS Her comments left many fans and the general public alike shocked and angered by Thabooty’s comments. “There's nothing wrong with dropping the proverbial ladder for people who wanna be in the same position as you. Why are you so angry at what you've gone through instead of just helping others, giving them tips and once or twice guiding them so they don’t make the same mistakes?” one follower asked her. “My guide/tip is to open up your own industry and not to expect things to fall on your lap or put others down for what does come their way,” Thando clapped back.She rounded off her soliloquy by saying “God helps those who help themselves”. 