THE WOMAN from the squatter camp doesn’t have any cash to spare.But somehow she found the money to hire a bodyguard to look after her albino son.AND PAYING THE GUARD MAY JUST HAVE SAVED HER CHILD’S LIFE!The mum from the squatter camp in Putfontein, near Daveyton, Ekurhuleni had seen and heard what happens to kids living with albinism, and she feared leaving her son alone. And she was right. It then emerged that the boy was going to be kidnapped and killed for muthi, as ordered by a sangoma. But one of the hired men allegedly didn’t have the heart to go ahead with the kidnapping and ended up confessing to a relative. “The kidnapper said they would get R50 000 each if they got my son. My son was to be taken to Mozambique,” said the mother. “The hired man said his relative warned him not to get involved as it would ruin his life.” A case of conspiracy to commit child stealing was opened and the suspects taken in for questioning but released pending investigations. Speaking to Daily Sun, the mum (43) said she was glad she hired a security guard to watch over her son. “The guard collected him from home in the morning to take him to school and later waited for him after school,” said the mum. “Everybody in the kasi knows my child is taken to school by the guard. They know how much he loves the boy.” The bodyguard in question was very upset. “I was angry and hurt. This boy is like a grandchild to me,” said the guard whose identity is known to Daily Sun. “This thing of killing albinos for muthi is evil. I will guard this boy with my life.” Community leader Tumelo Mofokeng confirmed that three men were caught and confessed to the plan in front of the crowd. “We advised residents not to take the law into their own hands but rather take them to the police station. We are not only worried about this child but all the children here.” Constable Justice Ramaube said a case of conspiracy was opened at the Putfontein Police Station. He said cops are busy with investigations. Cops are now looking for the ring leader who residents said had fled the squatter camp. The mother of the boy said since the incident she doesn’t sleep well. “I don’t trust anyone. I’m asking myself what my child did wrong in this world to be targeted like this.”