WHAT are your rights when you are stopped at a roadblock or pulled over? Agnieszka Gryn, from Fidelity ADT’s regional executive, said drivers need to know what is permitted and what is not when stopped by authorities. “What’s also important is recognising cops from the criminals ready to rob the occupants.” - Police officers at a checkpoint will direct you to where you need to pull your car off the road. You must obey and stop. A standard road block is easily identified by other cars that have pulled over before you. - If you have been flashed to stop by a marked or unmarked police vehicle, put your hazards on to recognise their request and start driving slower or signal by hand that they must follow you. - Bring your car to a standstill where it is safe for all. If there is a nearby garage, rather pull into the garage parking area or the nearest police station. - The officer will ask you to turn your car off but may not take your keys unless you are aggressive or other similar circumstances make it necessary. - Ask the officers for their identification and they have to supply it. You can photograph or record your interaction whether they are in uniform or not. - Officers may only search your vehicle if you give your consent or they have a warrant to do so. - People may only be searched by an officer of the same sex. - If you are worried about being pulled over, contact 10111 and give them as many details of the vehicle pulling you over as you can see. - If you phone without a hands-free set, you are committing a crime. Buy a hands-free set and make sure your phone’s security apps are switched on. - Speak in a calm tone that’s loud enough to be heard. Follow instructions. Present your driver’s licence if requested. If your licence is in the boot, tell the officer where it is and if he permits you, get it. - Do not offer any bribes. On-the-spot fines do not exist. If a police officer threatens to take you to prison unless you pay a fine, you are being robbed. - The only way to avoid being stopped for outstanding fines is to pay your fines beforehand.