Internationally-renowned producer and DJ, Black Coffee has come to the defense of Pretoria’s Amapiano genre against a fellow international producer, Lars Behrenroth. German-born and American-based House music producer, DJ and radio jock, Lars sent Twitter and fans of the Amapiano genre, as well as South Africans in general into a frenzy over the weekend when he shared his unpopular opinion about the genre. “Finally checked it out for the first time and all I can say is #Amapiano & “Godfa!^&#$ Of Deep House” = same WhatsApp group .. What a snoozefest,” he said. This tweet went viral in the music fraternity, quickly sparking conversation about musical public figures having their own tastes and how they choose to express them online. ICYMI: BLACK COFFEE IS GOING BACK TO SCHOOL The controversial tweet has seen Lars spend his entire weekend defending himself against critics. “We all have a variety in taste. That’s why it’s subjective... I don’t think it’s unfair at all for me to state my opinion, especially when people keep asking me whether I like it. Until today I never heard it but now I can safely answer the question with no,” he said. He then went on to clarify why it is he finds Amapiano to be a “snoozefest”. “When I heard #Amapiano for the first time today it immediately reminded me strongly of the very repetitive patterns and the feeling that every other song sounds the same. That’s what originated my statement,” he said. Fans, producers, DJs and other music lovers from SA and abroad made their feelings towards Lars known, most of them negative. READ ALSO: OSKIDO CALLS BLACK COFFEE "SUPERMAN" The conversation has continued on into the new week, seeing the likes of Black Coffee now weighing in on what he sees as disrespect. During all of the debating, local House music producer and DJ, Kid Fonque tried to bring about peace when he tweeted: “Respect each other’s hustle! Music is music, we all out here trying to live our dreams... pulling someone down because of what they like or listen to isn’t the way”. Lars then responded to this tweet and tried to once again defend himself and his opinion. “Exactly. Taste can’t be argued,” he said. But Black Coffee just wasn’t willing to let him get off the hook so easily. WATCH: CRISTIANO RONALDO WORKING OUT TO BLACK COFFEE’S MUSIC “True,” Coffee said to Lars, “but 1st understand the culture of the Country and what music does to change the lives of its people no matter what genre...u can't just tweet people's careers away in a glass house in California that the same people help you to build. Exploit us but please Respect us too,” he said.  