ORLANDO Pirates started their Caf Champions League campaign with a goalless draw away to Zimbabwe’s FC Platinum at Barbourfields Stadium in Bulawayo yesterday. The Soweto giants were unable to break down the home side in front of a sold-out crowd in this Group B encounter. Defending champions Esperance Sportive de Tunis were held to a 1-1 draw by Guinean based outfit Horoya in their opening game, leaving all the four teams in the group tied on one point each after the opening round. Bucs host Horoya at their fortress at Orlando Stadium in Soweto on Friday evening at 6pm. The Buccaneers will be targeting maximum points against the West African outfit. Bulawayo came alive as thousands of enthusiastic supporters packed the Barbourfields Stadium to capacity, but both teams failed to find the target. As the visiting team, Bucs will be the happier of the two teams having gained a valuable point away from home. Bucs forward Kudakwashe Mahachi made an emotional return to face his former team, Platinum. Mahachi could have broken his former team’s hearts but missed a golden opportunity which could have made him a hero in the second half. The Soweto giants lifted Africa’s premium club competition in 1995 when they defeated Ivory Coast giants Asec Mimosas 3-2 on aggregate. The Buccaneers lost in the Champions League cup final 3-1 on aggregate to Al Ahly in 2013. Assistant coach Rhulani Mokwena and defender Asavela Mbekile were part of the Mamelodi Sundowns squad that lifted the Champions League trophy in 2016 when they defeated Egyptian outfit Zamalek. Bucs and Sundowns are the only two teams representing Mzansi in the Champions League group stages. Milutin Sredojevic charges came into this game at the back of a morale boosting 4-2 victory over Chippa United in the domestic league. Bucs are challenging for the league title in the Absa Premiership in domestic football as they find themselves with 31 points two points behind the log leaders Bidvest Wits after a round of 17 matches. With the Nedbank Cup, Mzansi’s version of the FA cup starting this month, Bucs will be competing on three fronts. Thembinkosi Lorch and Justin Shonga were also denied by the home side’s captain and goalkeeper Petros Mhari.