Television and radio host, Azania Mosaka has lent her voice to the chorus of concerned Africans. African leaders have once again been put in the spotlight this past week as unrest reached its peak in Zimbabwe. Violent protests broke out last week after Zimbabwean president, Emmerson Mnangagwa announced that fuel prices would increase to about R45/liter, making it, according to numerous reports, the most expensive fuel in the world. AZANIA IS SEEING A THERAPIST! Since then Zimbabweans and other Africans standing in solidarity with Zimbabweans, have taken to Twitter to share their anger at the police’s handling of the protests as well as to call out the country’s leadership. As is always the case, a conversation about one corrupt leader led to more and more conversations about the corrupt nature of African leaders. Azania has also joined in on the conversation, expressing her anger at the status quo. READ ALSO: PROTESTS HALT BUS SERVICES “So many African leaders are their own people’s enemy. Sick and tired of endless corruption, brutality and uninspired leadership with no moral compass! Whether Zim or SA, this week’s news cycle continues to brutalise the heart,” she began. She then went on to say that “their actions undermine all our effort and dreams. So disillusioned with politics and leaders across the spectrum. What do you do with your vote in the midst of such pathetic conduct?” She ended off her rant by blaming greed and other human traits for the rampant corruption and also lamented their heavy-handed approach to dealing with citizen’s uprising. ICYMI: ZIM SHUTDOWN: MDC OFFICES SET ON FIRE! “Greed, external interference, self-hate, lack of education, no vision...I’m just sick of it because our suffering continues and our dreams and hopes can never be realized this way. They send “their” armies to handle it and rig elections. We can’t even trust that the very mechanism which is meant to express our will to work for us. We must take a stand. It’s all we have. Sorry for the despondence today. Zim video of police brutality & Sunday papers did it,” she said.  