 The Irish Medical Journal recently published a case study of
a 33-year-old man who injected himself with his own semen once a month to treat
back pain. According to the doctors who reported the case, the man had
been complaining about a severe, sudden onset of backache after lifting a heavy
steel object. The man, who had been suffering from regular bouts of backache
throughout is life, decided to take matters into his own hands, purchased a
hypodermic needle online and started injecting himself with his own semen. Redness and rapid swelling The case study reveals that the man “devised this cure
without any independent medical advice”. He had been injecting himself with an
undisclosed dose of semen once a month, for at least 18 months. 'I inject myself with snake venom' Meet Steve Ludwin. He's 51 and for the past 30 years he's
been injecting himself with snake venom. He says it hurt - a lot - at the
beginning but now his body is almost immune and he's donating his blood to
science. It wasn’t until he visited the doctor after his backache
didn’t subside (of course, the injections didn’t do much) when they noticed redness
and rapid swelling on his forearm, the area where he injected himself. It seems
that the semen had started pooling and clotting under the skin, creating a
bacterial infection of the skin called cellulitis. Over the next 24 hours, the swelling and redness progressed
over his entire forearm. The man was hospitalised and received a course of
intravenous antibiotics to treat the cellulitis. No other case studies After further investigating the case studies and other
reports on this story, the exact rationale behind this bizarre DIY-treatment
couldn’t be determined. According to IMJ authors, to date there have been no other
case studies in medical literature of semen being injected intravenously. Although there is a report of the effects of semen injection
into rats and rabbits, there were no cases of intravenous semen injections into
humans found across the literature, authors reported. Methods of suicide through the injection of substances such
as mercury and gasoline are well reported throughout medical history, but
attempting to use semen to cure back pain is a first. Dangers of injecting yourself This case study was published with one mission in mind – to
be educational and warn others against trying similar methods at home. Any injections should be administered by a trained
professional as using the wrong type of needle can harm the veins and skin
tissue and cause bruising and scars. Injecting foreign matter into the skin
poses its own set of risks, as we saw from the case study. You also run the very small risk of creating an air embolism
(an empty pocket of air) in the vein that causes blood vessels to be blocked,
and that can ultimately cause a serious medical emergency and even death (this
is really the worst-case scenario, as a small amount of air will not have this
effect). As for self-treatment of medical conditions, it is always
wise to consult a medical professional before attempting a home remedy. SOURCE: HEALTH24