ORLANDO PIRATES coach Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic believes his current crop of players can go one step further than the class of 2013, who lost in the cup final to Egyptian giants Al Ahly in Cairo. Sredojevic’s charges clinched three points in their Group B encounter following a routine 3-0 victory over Horoya of Guinea at the Orlando Stadium in Soweto on Friday night, courtesy of a brace by Zambian star Justine Shonga and a well taken goal by their star player, Thembinkosi Lorch. The Buccaneers are juggling their ambitions of winning Absa Premiership and Caf Champions League titles. Their resolve will be tested in the upcoming matches.African champions Esperance of Tunisia defeated Zimbabwean FC Platinum 2-0 in Tunis in the other group match, but Bucs top Group B on goal difference with four points. They entertain the North Africa giants in a top of the table clash in Soweto on 2 February in the battle of the only two teams that have lifted the trophy in this group. The Soweto giants host struggling Baroka in the league at the Orlando Stadium On Tuesday night (7.30pm). They can’t afford to slip up in their quest to overtake Bidvest Wits at the summit of the log.Sredojevic said: “There’s a dream to win the second star, but we don’t want to put too much pressure on players. “That pressure must be diverted to us as coaches to allow the players to enjoy themselves. We enjoy working with this group of players, but at the end of the day, it’s results that matter. “After six years of absence, everyone is excited to be back, but we warned the players not to get carried away and continue to work hard.”Bucs have four points and Micho was excited with the two clean sheets they’ve kept. He has high hopes going into the back-to-back matches against the reigning champions.But for now, Bucs are shifting their focus back to the league. The Serbia-born coach, who can hardly complete a sentence without mentioning the club’s proud badge, added: “Our focus is on Baroka. We can’t afford to drop points. It’s an important match for us.”