THE only thing guaranteed for Tornado FC in the Nedbank Cup is the massive gate takings. As for upsetting Kaizer Chiefs, who visit at Sisa Dukashe Stadium in Mdantsane in the Eastern Cape today (3pm), it may be a bridge too far. Local business usually booms whenever PSL giants roll into town and the third-tier league club can expect to make a killing from 30 000-seater venue. The township is buzzing with excitement ahead of the keenly-awaited “David versus Goliath” clash. Lying 15 kilometres away from East London, Mdantsane is the country’s second largest urban settlement by population and football is the most loved sport after boxing. Beyond the tantalising prospect of knocking over the Soweto giants and causing major upset, a good Ke Yona Cup run by the ABC Motsepe League team can bring considerable long-term benefits. Yet, the lowly ABC Motsepe League side face an uphill battle against a team chasing cup glory to restore fading lustre. Amakhosi coach Ernst Middendorp, however, is not looking down on Tornado, and has urged his players to treat the game with the utmost respect. “We haven’t had much information on our opponents, but we are focused on our plan,” said Middendorp. “We are preparing for the match, just as we do for normal PSL matches.” Apart from the Caf Confederation Cup blip, Middendorp has enjoyed a fairly positive start to his tenure. A good cup run would ensure Amakhosi maintain momentum. But will the German-born mentor manage with a spate of injuries? “We has a little bit of a question mark with George Maluleka at training,” Middendorp said. “We’re little bit uncertain and we are not 100 percent sure. Some have parts he can do, some not. He has a calf problem.” The good news, though, is that Ramahlwe Mphahlele and Philani Zulu are out of sickbay and are travelling to the Eastern Cape. Bernard Parker has hit form and is likely to cause problems for Tornado. It’s worth noting that Tornado have no cup pedigree, having lost 4-0 to Orlando Pirates in the same stage of the SA’s version of the FA Cup. But what are the odds of the minnows claiming the scalps of their illustrious opponents?