Four South Africans are still missing after going for a swim
off an island in Mozambique on Monday. According to the Letaba Herald, a group of eight young
people in their 20s took a boat cruise to Inhaca Island on Monday. Five members of the group reportedly went swimming, but were
swept away from shore by a strong current. One managed to make it back to
shore, but the other four – two men and two women – have been missing since
15:00 on Monday. The Middelburg Observer reported that search parties had
been unsuccessful in finding the four missing swimmers. Nico Motsepe, the father of Lesego, 19, one of the missing
women, told News24 that search-and-rescue attempts could not continue on Thursday
owing to weather conditions. Motsepe, who is in Mozambique along with some of the parents
of the other missing swimmers, said efforts would continue on Friday. "It is very stressful, as you can imagine,"
Motsepe said. 'Dangerous' waters Phillip Strydom, the chairperson of the Mozambique Foreign
Business Chamber, told News24 on Thursday that the four swimmers had not yet
been found. "Those waters are some of the most dangerous along the
coast," said Strydom. "It is notoriously dangerous and there are no
lifesavers there." Strydom recalled that South Africans had drowned in those waters
as far back as the 1960s. The Letaba Herald reported that the group of friends are
from Groblersdal in Limpopo. According to the Department of International Relations and
Cooperation (Dirco), Minister Lindiwe Sisulu was briefed on Thursday on the
rescue and consular services efforts in relation to the four South Africans. Presumed drowned The statement, issued by spokesperson Ndivhuwo Mabaya, said
that the four were presumed to have drowned. "Dirco, through the High Commission in Maputo, is
working with local authorities to provide assistance to family members who have
arrived in Mozambique to help with the search for their loved ones,"
Mabaya said. "The High Commissioner in Mozambique, HE Mphahlwa, and
staff at the mission, [are] working to assist the families and to offer all
necessary consular services. Dirco, is in constant communication with the High
Commissioner as the search and rescue continues, and we hope that they can
still be found alive." Dirco said it had been in contact with the premier's office
in Limpopo, as well as the families. According to the Middelburg Observer, a South African expat
said that a large number of boats, as well as a helicopter, were participating
in the search. Despite the friends being missing for three days, Motsepe
said he remained "hopeful". SOURCE: NEWS24