TRAVELLING from Polokwane to Boyne township will force you to add 42 kilometres to your trip, and about 55kms when coming from the direction of Tzaneen, to reach this hidden area situated deeper in Ga-Molepo in Limpopo. This is the kasi of Boyne Tigers FC, a side that will visit Bidvest Wits in the Nedbank Cup Last-32 stage at their Milpark stadium on Wednesday night – where the winner takes all. It is one competition that is full of surprises, and Tigers are hell-bent on using the Nedbank Cup to raise the Boyne bar very high by knocking out the Absa Premiership log leaders. Someone might say the ABC Motsepe League side, from the MacLean Farm, are living in la-la land, but it was previously proven that the sides from lower divisions can drop giants in biggest upsets. Baroka FC rose to prominence after knocking Soweto giants in cup competitions. Mphela Motimele, Tigers’ manager and spokesman, believes they will prove their worth against the Clever Boys. However, he put up a disclaimer that they respect Gavin Hunt’s side, but they are hoping to emulate their provincial partners Baroka, who have dropped Kaizer Chiefs (2011) and Orlando Pirates last year in the same cup. “We’ll do our best to get a favourable result,” said Motimele, whose side use the St Engenas Zion Christian Church (ZCC) grounds for all their training. “This team belong to the people of Ga-Molepo, not the ZCC. Our request to use the ZCC training facilities have been granted and we’re very grateful to the church. “Wits are the form team in the PSL and probably the best, so far. “But to be the best, you’ll have to beat the best. We have been monitoring Wits overtime since the draw was made, and I believe with our players, we have a chance.” The club, coached by Goodwill Matsemela, is captained by Thabo Mokgalushi, the son of one of the country’s greatest footballers Lance Swafo, and has produced gems like Thabiso Kutumela. Mokgalushi has played for Jomo Cosmos, Magesi FC and Dynamos. He looks destined for retirement at home in Boyne. Among their products are the likes of Klaas Galane, Piet Maleka, who played for Uthungathi FC, and Frank Motlhapamaswi. Their products also includes Mamelodi Sundowns’ MDC coach David Notoane. According to Motimele, they turned professional in the 2006-07 season when they played in the Polokwane Local Football Association (PLFA) league. They were promoted to the SAB League the following year – in the 2007-08 season. They jumped to the ABC Motsepe League in the 2014-15 season and now have bigger ambitions – to play in the PSL. “It’s our intention to put our area on the map after we realised that it is possible,” Motimele said. “Baroka have brought Ga-Mphahlele on the map while Black Leopards took Venda to greater heights. “This is the path we are chasing – Ga-Molepo deserves the same honour. “We used to see some of the things on television and never thought they could also be possible for us.” The club draw largely on players from the local area, and have a development team with a local high school that provides a pool of young talent. However, Matsemela, points out many promising stars are lost to the side when they go to tertiary institutions.