THUSO Phala will soon have a new home at Orlando Pirates after he was seen at the club’s offices last week. Phala’s contract with SuperSport United expires in June and it’s understood that the Randburg club have delayed in renewing the 32-year-old’s contract. He joined Matsatsantsa in 2013 where he spent some quality time under different coaches – Gavin Hunt, Cavin Johnson, Gordon Igesund, Stuart Baxter and Eric Tinkler. Lately, he has not been a regular for SuperSport under coach Kaitano Tembo, which fuelled the suspicion that he was on his way out in the January transfer period. His agent Tim Sukazi of Quality Talent Sports (QTS), owner of TS Galaxy in the National First Division (NFD), referred SunSport to attorney Basia Michaels, who couldn’t return calls. However, Highlands Park have distanced themselves from Phala. The club said they’ve never shown any interest in him. It was initially thought Owen Da Gama and Allan Freese – Phala’s former coaches at Platinum Stars – would rescue his talent by roping him to the Tembisa side. Highlands Park boss Sinky Mnisi brushed aside any links to Phala. The winger joined SuperSport from the now defunct Dikwena six years ago where he has featured in 11 games in all competitions, and scored once this season. His last goal was in the Telkom Knockout against Polokwane City in October last year in the Last-16 stage. Phala lost his jersey at SuperSport to Fagrie Lakay. But he can always pride himself that he has won the Nedbank Cup twice in 2015-16 season and 2016-17 season, Telkom Knockout in the 2014-15 season and last season’s MTN8 title, including taking SuperSport to the Caf Confederation Cup final last year where they lost to TP Mazembe of DR Congo. In fact, Phala will add his continental experience to Pirates talent as coach Milutin “Micho” Sredejovic is hungry for African success. Having played for Kaizer Chiefs, Mamelodi Sundowns and now on his way to Bucs, Phala would join a special breed of players who have played for the so-called big three in the PSL. These are players such as the late Sizwe Motaung, Mark Bachelor, Linda Buthelezi and Collins Mbesuma. The player, well known for his tradition dance – Thuso Phala Challenge, could not be reached yesterday.