Rev Gift Moerane is the new mayor for Emfuleni Local
Municipality. Emfuleni municipality will today convene a council
meeting to, among other things, elect a new mayor following the resignation of
Comrade Jacob Khawe, who is now the ANC Gauteng Provincial Secretary. Gauteng ANC PEC said its decision to appoint Rev. Gift
Moerane as its mayoral candidate has received overwhelming support and
unanimous approval from all the structures of the ANC, the Leagues, the
Alliance partners as well as the religious leaders and the broader communities
of Sedibeng. ANC Gauteng PEC Spokesperson Tasneem Motara said that Rev
Gift Moerane is a man of the people. He has impeccable integrity and unquestionable
credentials in the democratic strategies of the people of the Vaal. He was there during the difficult and dark days of
apartheid, always on the side of the people. He remains on the side of the people today. Rev Gift Moerane is currently serving as Gauteng
Provincial Secretary of the South African Council of Churches and Provincial
Chaplain of the ANC. He cut his teeth in local government working for the
defunct Meyerton town council. He has been a member of the then South African
National Peace Accord, has been serving as a member of the Electoral
Commission’s Conflict Management Mediation Panels since 1994, a position he is
relinquishing to take up his new assignment. He continues to play various roles
in society. He was born and bred in the Vaal Triangle in the Meyerton
township, Rev Gift Moerane is fully conversant with the challenges facing the
Emfuleni municipality and is committed to fast-track service delivery. He
served on various panels that were set up to advise previous mayors of Emfuleni. Addressing the meeting, the ANC GP Provincial
Chairperson, Comrade David Makhura pointed out that the PEC had to carefully
apply its mind on the calibre of the person who will help Emfuleni Local
Municipality to achieve a turnaround and improve service delivery to
communities: “It is critical the we bring someone who resonates well with
society and will be able to work well with multiple stakeholders to change the
face of communities in Emfuleni. Communities are crying out for good
leadership. Rev Gift Moerane is the man best suited for the demands of this
moment. This is part of the broad intervention we are making to ultimately
restore financial stability, good governance and service delivery.” The Provincial Secretary, Comrade Jacob Khawe, reiterated
the need for unity, integrity and service. He called on the members of society
in the Vaal, civil society formations, faith based structures, Alliance
partners, the business community and members of the ANC in the Sedibeng Region
to work with Rev Moerane to grow Emfuleni by unlocking the economy of the Vaal
so that it can offer opportunities for all the people of the region. 