THERE is no doubt that all eyes will this afternoon be on King Ndlovu and Elvis Chipezeze. The warring goalkeepers will be called to the test at the PeterMokaba Stadium when Black Leopards and Baroka FC meet in an AbsaPremiershipLimpopo derby (3.30pm). Chipezeze is still in everybody’s lips following his reflexes that helped Baroka win the Telkom Knockout last month, but that doesn’t mean he will repeat the same feat against Leopards. Surely Ndlovu, a lad from Zone 4 inGa-Rankuwa, would be out to keep a clean sheet to play along with his strikers who would be gunning for goals. The duo has promised an exciting Limpopo derby that will be won from the goal-posts. Both teams come to this encounter fighting to move from the relegation zone following their pathetic league run in the first round. Leopards are coming to this clash with bragging rights after they beat Baroka 1-0 in the first round in Thohoyandou. Leopards are 13th on the log with 13 points while Baroka are one spot above them with 14 points. “Everywhere in the world players dish out their best in a derby,” said Chipezeze. “Everyone in the camp is excited about this clash and looking forward to it. It will be a tough game but I’m sure it’ll be exciting for the fans. We’ve talked during camp about our position on the log. We need to move up ASAP. The good thing is we’re playing at home and can’t afford to disappoint our fans.” Added the 28-year-old Zimbabwean international: “We’ve just won the Telkom Knockout and the feeling was good. Winning the derby will be fantastic and that’s the talk of the moment at camp.” Chipezeze has also promised Bakgaga fans that despitebeing on the tail end of the log. Their aim is a top eight finish. Lidoda Duvha goalie, Ndlovu, on the other hand, said they will return to Venda with three points in the bag. “We’ve beaten them (1-0) in the first round, and I believe we can do it again,” said the 25-year-old. “I’m optimistic that if we play ournormal game we can beat them once again. It’s true we didn’t have a good run last year, but things are coming right and the players are beginning tounderstand coach Dylan Kerr. “We’ve gone two games without defeat and drew one and winning one. Our aim is to continue in that form.”