KAIZER Chiefs are expected to lift up their chins tonight against Cape Town City in the only Absa Premiership encounter at the FNB Stadium tonight (7.30pm). Amakhosi will go into their clash against the Citizens like gladiators ready to defend their record against the Cape outfit whom they have total control over. This is actually how defender, Daniel Cardoso, forsee things to develop tonight. All eyes will surely be on Amakhosi’s defence when the free flowing City visit the 2010 Fifa World Cup venue. Fact that Chiefs rose eyebrows at the weekend when they were taken to extra-time by ABC Motsepe League outfit, Tornado FC, in a game they managed to scrap a 1-0 victory in the Nedbank Cup, doubts over their form still hangs in the air. City cruised to a comfortable 2-0 victory over SuperSport United to qualify for the last 16. Benni McCarthy’s charges have scored 12 goals in their past five matches in all competitions, while Chiefs recorded eight. This would mean the two teams can score and tonight’s clash will not be a miss, but hit. But Cardoso is not shivering and believes it’s such games that bring the best out of them and they’re ready to prove that tonight. Amakhosi have recorded three league wins, drew one and lost just one to City in their past five league games. They tore the Citizens to shreds with a 4-1 hiding in their first round meeting at the Cape Town Stadium last year – another reason for them to believe that tonight will end on a positive note. Cardoso said: “We will rise to the occasion, we always do. “Without a doubt, City are a team on form but do we have to remind everyone that we have beaten them before, and we can do it again?” The confident Cardoso used their 2-0 victory at Bidvest Wits in the league as a point of reference. Cardoso added: “We did it against Wits when we were not given a sniff, and the same determination will be applied against City.” Cardoso also credited new coach Ernst Middendorp for instilling that belief in their camp after their failure of Italian Giovanni Solinas, who left in November.