GOLDEN Arrows coach, Steve Komphela, must be eager to see Sunday’s Absa Premiership match against his former club Bloemfontein Celtic done and dusted. He left the Free State outfit under a dark cloud after his resignation letter was leaked to the media. Komphela had complained about a lack of professionalism that saw him spent his money for the benefit of the club. “I just want to go past this match,” he said in a post match interview following Abafana Bes’thende’s 2-0 win against the troubled Maritzburg United at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Sunday. “I don’t want to be emotional, but I have to be there and be professional. It’s going to be an interesting match. It will be a mirror – you looking at the mirror and you seeing yourself, but you don’t want to see yourself. I am looking forward to this one.” He regarded Celtic as being phenomenal, wonderful and lovable. Komphela believes they played their hearts out against Muhsin Ertugral’s United by keeping possession, and could have taken it one step further when Knox Mutizwa had a one-on-one with the keeper but missed. Mutizwa put the home side ahead with header in the 10th minute before Portuguese striker, Joao Moreira, made Komphela’s day with the second goal. “It should have been 3-0,” said the man known as “The Philosopher” for his fundamental mix of knowledge, reality and poems when interviewed. “But we’re happy with a point and go home and sleep a bit.” For now, Arrows players will go for regeneration, which is key to recover, according to Komphela. Komphela further credited ex-Arrows coach Clinton Larsen for having assembled a credible team of players and laid a good foundation. Larsen was dismissed towards the festive season and Komphela roped in from Celtic. “We still need to have an assessment of the squad. “Some of the players that Clinton left in the club form a good structure. Some coaches leave the institutions in the dustbin mode. Over and above that, this is the time of the season where every match counts. But the most important thing was to start on a positive note.”