Television actor, Oros Mampofu and his fiancé, Bianca Carmichael are expecting their first child together. The former Skeem Saam actor revealed the good news on his Instagram page this morning. “The greatest pleasure afforded to me in life to this day has been coming to the reality that I could gift life onto this earth. It’s still feels exciting & unreal to me but beyond all else, my greatest gratitude has been affording myself and Bianca the opportunity to take this first experience of having a child in and being fully here,” he told his fans. The 28-year-old actor also thanked his baby mamma for caring his child. “Being there for each other at every juncture of this journey has been my greatest priority & pride and I can’t be happier to be here with you. Banca thank you for bearing me the miracle, embracing me as I am, for taking my hand at every step of this journey in a magical creation,” he said. OROS MAMPOFU POPS THE QUESTION! He also spoke briefly about what it feels like going through their first pregnancy. “It’s been [an] interesting journey and there’s still a lot for us to figure out but I trust that the connection we carry between us will guide us into a beautiful adventure that both you and I can even begin to imagine,” he said. Meanwhile, Bianca also couldn’t stop gushing over her baby daddy on her Instagram page. In a similar post, Bianca thanked Oros for “giving” her this gift. “I couldn’t have been gifted with a better person to share this journey with. Our baby is the luckiest baby in the world to have you as a daddy. Thank you for this royal beautiful gift. Here’s to figuring out parenting together,” she said. OROS: I’M SO PROUD OF MYSELF Oros and Bianca have been in love for a while now, having gotten engaged in September 2017. And at the rate that things are going, it is only a matter of time before wedding bells are ringing. Congratulations to the young couple: The greatest pleasure afforded to me in life to this day has been coming to the reality that I could gift life onto this earth. It’s still feels exciting & unreal to me but beyond all else, my greatest gratitude has been affording myself and Bianca the opportunity to take this first experience of having a child in and being fully here. Being there for each other at every juncture of this journey has been my greatest priority & pride and I can’t be happier to be here with you. @bianca_carm thank you for bearing me the miracle, embracing me as I am, for taking my hand at every step of this journey in a magical creation. It’s been a interesting journey and there’s still a lot for us to figure out ?? but I trust that the connection we carry between us will guide us into a beautiful adventure that both you and I can even begin to imagine. With all this having been said, I’d love to share that IM GOING TO BE A DAD YA’LL!!! ???????????? @cottononkids @pampersus A post shared by  Oros Mampofu (@oros_mampofu) on Jan 26, 2019 at 11:49pm PST  2019 is the year of blessings on blessings on blessings...I couldn’t have been gifted with a better person to share this journey with. Our baby is the luckiest baby in the world to have you as a daddy @oros_mampofu. Thank you for this royal beautiful gift. Here’s to figuring out parenting together?????? A post shared by  Bianca Carmichael (@bianca_carm) on Jan 27, 2019 at 12:04am PST   