THIS PRINCIPAL is allegedly known for dishing out unusual punishments. But this time he went too far when he ordered pupils to strip to the waist. THEN HE PARADED THE SEMI-NAKED TEENAGE GIRLS AND BOYS AROUND THE SCHOOLYARD. The humiliating incident happened at Ntwampe Secondary School in Moroke Village, outside Burgersfort in Limpopo. Pupils said the principal told them the punishment was to make sure that they never forget their calculators again. One of the shamed pupils told the SunTeam the maths teacher took them to the principal when they couldn’t produce their calculators during maths. The principal instructed the 18 pupils, six girls and 12 boys, to strip off their tops and shirts. That included telling the girls to take off their bras and the boys to remove their T-shirts. “One of the girls has big breasts,” said one of the pupils. “She refused to take off her bra but the principal pulled it down. The girl was so ashamed of her breasts that she pulled her skirt up to cover herself. Then she was more naked than before.” The pupil said it was an embarrassing and shameful thing to go through, especially for the girl pupils, because everyone saw their breasts. “Corporal punishment would have been a lot more acceptable,” the pupil said. The kids said the maths teacher pleaded with the principal not to strip the pupils but he wouldn’t listen. Then he paraded them around the schoolyard where everybody could see them. The pupil claimed the principal also used to make them squat down while holding a chair in the air as punishment for being late, but they were already used to that. A member of the SGB said they were disappointed to hear what the principal had done. He blamed a group of residents who disrupted their meeting which was aimed at resolving the matter. “One of the pupils who was shamed is my child but we are supposed to have been given a chance to resolve this matter,” he said. “We still don’t have a report to make to the department because the community interrupted us and chased the principal out of the school.” Sam Makondo, spokesman for the Limpopo Education Department, said they condemned the principal’s actions. “It’s unacceptable what happened at the school. We are aware that the community is very concerned and the department is worried. At the moment the principal is not at school as he reported sick. This will be discussed with him when he is back at work.” Colonel Moatshe Ngoepe, spokesman for the Limpopo police, confirmed that a case of indecent assault has been opened at Mecklenburg Police Station. “We have not arrested anyone. The investigation continues,” Ngoepe said.