BAROKA FC have snatched veteran defender Thabo Nthethe to add stability to their leaky defence in a bid to avoid relegation. The former Mamelodi Sundowns and Bafana Bafana player has signed a six months contract with an option to renew. Nthethe joined the Limpopo side this week after his contract was prematurely terminated by Chippa United last month. His contact with the Chilli Boys still had six months remaining. The soft-spoken player was among five players released by Chilli Boys boss Siviwe Mpengesi to pave the way for new recruits as he was not in then coach Joel Masutha’s plans. Other players shown the door by the Port Elizabeth side during the festive break are Thato Mokeke, Buyani Sali, Jabulani Shongwe, Miguel Tim and Nigerian international defender James Okwuosa. But Masutha was sacked before he could bring on board the new players. He was replaced by Clinton Larsen. But Nthethe’s arrival in Polokwane today to report for duty should come as a huge relief for Bakgaga coach Wedson Nyirenda as his side conceded 18 goals in 17 Absa Premiership games prior to their fixture with Orlando Pirates last night. According to an insider at Baroka, the player known as “Mr Cool” for being calm under pressure, will also play a key role to guide youngsters. The 34 year-old is expected to make his debut on Tuesday (7.30pm) against National First Division side Jomo Cosmos in the Nedbank Cup Last-32 round at Peter Mokaba Stadium. He will play a vital role as Bakgaga aim to win their second trophy having lifted the Telkom Knockout (TKO) last month. Said the insider: “Nthethe’s experience speaks volumes. That’s why the chairman didn’t waste time to bring him on board when he found out that he is available. “The youngsters always panic under pressure and having Nthathe in the team will help them stay calm. “I have no doubt that he will bring the much needed stability in the team.” Nthethe made his professional debut with Bloemfontein Celtic in 2004. But it was at Downs where his career blossomed as he won the Premiership title on three occasion. He also helped the team win CAF Champions League in 2016, Super Cup, TKO and Nedbank Cup.