THE shadow of Benni McCarthy looms large over SuperSport United as scrutiny remains on incumbent coach Kaitano Tembo. The Matsatsantsa mentor earned some reprieve as United beat Bloemfontein Celtic 2-1 in their league fixture on Sunday, ending a three-match winless run.United are not completely recovered from a poor run, which has seen the team win seven and lose seven PSL matches. McCarthy’s name is understood to have come up for discussion within United corridors. The Cape Town City FC coach has been earmarked as a potential successor to Tembo, whose future looks uncertain. The Tshwane outfit are not used to a barren trophy run and their prospects of winning the league are not looking good. However, there’s the upcoming Nedbank Cup, which presents Tembo with a chance to really prove his credentials as the right man for the position in the longer term. The Zimbabwean has welcomed some of his key men – Bradley Grobler and Dean Furman – back from injury and the two showed their influence against Celtic. “You could see the difference against Celtic when you have Dean and Grobler on the pitch,” said Tembo. “Grobler is a very important part of our attack. He holds the ball very well and that helped our midfield players to join in the attack. “The leadership from Furman… you could see the difference as he drove everyone, which is something we’ve lacked in our last few games. “At this time of the season, it’s about the points. It doesn’t really matter how you win games. It’s about effective football. I was happy with the performance against Celtic. I think it’s a big improvement from our loss against Black Leopards.” Tembo added he was keeping an eye in the current transfer window, but refused to be drawn on his target. He said: “There are areas we want to beef up. But you know it is always difficult in January. You’ll probably see a lot of activity towards the end of the window. Some players we want belong to other clubs. It is always being difficult. “I can’t say I’ll be releasing any players. We will wait and see. There’s a lot happening behind the scenes.”