PR guru and socialite, Lerato Sengadi says she has cried for 89 consecutive days over the loss of the love of her life. Lerato lost her husband, Jabulani ‘HHP’ Tsambo on the 24th of October 2018 and she hasn’t been able to stop crying since that day. The Mostwako legend suffered from depression which led to him taking his own life. Since his passing, a lot of drama has ensued between his family and his widow. PICS: STARS WE LOST THIS YEAR! HHP's family refused to let Lerato bury her husband because, according to them, Lerato was never marriage to their son. However, Lerato contended that under customary law, she and the Music and Lights hit-maker were in wedded union. She later took the matter to court, where the South Gauteng High Court’s Judge Ratha Mokgoatlheng ruled that they were indeed married under customary law but that HHP should be buried by his family in Mafikeng since the ruling was made a day prior to the funeral. The judge also ruled that the Tsambo family should not forbid Lerato from attending the burial. PROKID, HHP & FLABBA MAKE MTV’S GREATEST OF ALL TIME LIST! Following the burial, news then broke that Lerato had allegedly kicked HHP’s helper and son out of the house where they lived with the musician. This was revealed by HHP’s baby mamma, Nkululeko Ncana. Shortly after that, Nkululeko herself passed on, leaving their son with no parent in the space of a month. Now, almost four months later, Lerato says she is choosing to celebrate his life instead of crying everyday. PIC: FIFI COOPER VISITS HHP’S GRAVE “I choose to celebrate a life l was blessed to be a part of. One that has moulded me into the Queen I am becoming. Today I will play you music for the first time in 90 days and sing along like I always did before,” she said. “So if the tears wanna come back they’re just gonna have to wait until tomorrow because today I’m celebrating you Motho waka,” she continued. After crying for 89 consecutive days, mourning a love lost, on the 90th day I choose to celebrate a life l was blessed to be a part of ??. One that has moulded me into the Queen I am becoming. Today I will play ur music for the first time in 90 days and sing along like I always did before. So if the tears wanna come back they’re just gonna have to wait until tomorrow because today I’m celebrating you Motho waka ?????? ??. #RIPMotho #MothoWaMotho #JabbaForever #3MonthsInHeaven ???? #IWillNotCower. • • • “Keep ya head up, ooh, child, things are gonna get easier. Keep ya head up, ooh, child, things'll get brighter” - Tupac Shakur?? A post shared by  Lerato Sengadi (@leratolicious1) on Jan 23, 2019 at 11:18pm PST   