THE Premier Soccer League (PSL) chief operations officer, Ronnie Schloss, has condemned the behaviour of fans who over-powered the police to force their way into Thohoyandou Stadium on Saturday. The stadium got the thumbs up from the league last year to host big matches following the renovations that were done at the venue, which included safety of the supporters and operational turnstiles. But the league is now having doubts after what happened, when local club Black Leopards hosted Orlando Pirates in the Nedbank Cup last 32 stage. The stadium was declared sold-out on Friday but unruly fans opted to overload it by forcing their way into the venue. They overpowered the police at the main entrance while others apparently jumped through the wall to watch the match that was won by Leopards 5-4 on penalties, after a 1-1 draw at full-time. A police nyala and vans had to be used to block the entrance where the gate was pushed down. From SunSport’s observation, some cops looked unequipped to deal with riot control and opted to stay motionless as hooligans entered the venue. This has left PSL concerned about the safety of fans. Said Schloss: “I am not satisfied with the level of safety here at Thohoyandou Stadium. People pushed the gate down. The stadium had a lot of improvements, but after what happened, I think there is still a lot to be done, especially in security. “These are the sort of things we need to look at and make sure they don’t happen again. We can’t have over-crowding at the stadium – it’s not safe. Police were supposed to be in and outside the stadium to make sure this situation doesn’t happen. We need to find out why this happened and why there were no police outside the gates.” Schloss said the PSL and their partners SAPS must learn from this. “Nobody is saying Kaizer Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns can’t play here,” he added. “Please don’t get me wrong. The game was a good advert of football despite the incident, which we have to learn from it. The only problem is that people pushed the gate and jumped over the fence to gain entry without tickets.” A similar occurrence left two fans dead and several others injured in a stampede at the Soweto derby between Chiefs and Pirates some years ago.