AMAZULU mentor Cavin Johnson says Kaizer Chiefs are one of the most complicated sides under new coach Ernst Middendorp. Usuthu will host Amakhosi tonight (7.30pm) in an Absa Premiership match at Umlazi’s King Zwelithini Stadium. Johnson hopes to guide his charges to their first ever win over Amakhosi since March 2007 when they beat them 1-0 at Olympia Park Stadium in Rustenburg. Ironically, it was Middendorp’s last match in charge then as he was fired and replaced by former Orlando Pirates mentor Kosta Papic. Lucky Mzizi, who was on loan from Chiefs, scored the goal that cost Middendorp’s job. The German-born mentor knows that he needs to beat Usuthu at all cost to avoid another setback following his charges 3-1 defeat to Zambian side Zesco United in the Caf Confederation Cup play-off first leg match played in Ndola, Zambia, on Sunday. A win over the KwaZulu-Natal side will boost Amakhosi’s morale ahead of their do or die return leg scheduled for FNB Stadium on Saturday (8pm). The Soweto giants need to score two goals or more without conceding on Saturday to ensure they qualify for the group stages of Caf competition. Chiefs occupy sixth spot on the league table and are nine points behind leaders Bidvest Wits on 24 points from 17 outings. Usuthu are sitting on 12th position, with 17 points from the same number of matches. “Under Giovanni Solinas, they were a particular team and with Middendorp, they are different,” said Johnson, explaining Chiefs’ complication. Johnson is not the only one who is not used to Middendorp’s unfamiliar coaching style as Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane also stressed about it after his side beat Amakhosi 2-1 in their opening league match of the new year. Added Johnson: “In one moment they play lopsided. He plays the left-back at right-back, a striker in midfield role and does a lot of different things out of the norm. But we will see how we are going to pass that.” But the former SuperSport United mentor says he has a plan up his sleeves to overcome the wounded Amakhosi. “We will put our best foot forward and try to get the points.’’ Chiefs beat Usuthu 2-0 in the first leg at FNB Stadium to register their 34th win in 55 league matches between the two teams. Amazulu have only won seven times in the process, with 14 games ending in draws. Orlando Pirates were the last team to win in Umlazi in April last season, since then, Usuthu have played 11 league games at home without defeat. “I’m happy that we dominate teams at King Zwelithini and we will give Chiefs a run for their money,’’ added Johnson.