JAMES Okwuosa is training with Highlands Park in a bid to secure a contract. The Nigerian international defender was released by Chippa United after being deemed surplus to Joel Masutha’s requirements. If signed, the lanky centre-back could make his debut tomorrow when Highlands resume their Absa Premiership schedule, with a date against title chasers Orlando Pirates at Tembisa’s Makhulong Stadium at 3.30pm. The Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba defender Luckyboy Mokoena says they are ready to overcome Bucs for the first time in the club’s history. The teams drew 1-1 in the first round, having previously drawn on two occasions in the league. Highlands are seven points behind second placed Pirates, in eighth spot on 20 points from 15 matches. Said Mokoena: “We had not yet adjusted to the style of play in the PSL when we met Pirates in August last year. It was also my first match in the top flight and I was not used to the pressure that came with it. It will be another tough match, but now we know what they can do. The guys are ready to deal with anything they will throw at us.” The 25-year-old says they have a plan to halt Pirates’ quick transition, led by Zambian duo of Justin Shonga and Augustine Mulenga. “We worked on their transition and we know how to stop them from causing danger,” he said However, Mokoena is aware it won’t be easy to swing the game in their favour without the experiences of PSL top goal-scorer Mothobi Mvala. The 24-year-old midfielder, who led the scoring chart with seven goals is suspended, together with left-back Phoka Mofokeng. “Mothobi’s absence is a setback for us, but there are other strikers who are ready to fill the gap. Everyone is ready to play.” Mokoena says having former Bucs striker Tendai Ndoro in their team is a bit of an advantage in a bid to achieve their target of finishing the season within the top four. Ironically, Ndoro scored three goals against Highlands in the league and cup. He netted the winner when Pirates beat the Tembisa outfit 2-1 in the Telkom Knockout in 2016. “Tendai gives us ideas on Pirates. Although, he played under a different coach then there are other things that can help us and others that our technical staff discovered to help us beat them.”