WHEN FELICITY heard that her Facebook friend had been in a taxi accident she didn’t hesitate. She decided it was time to personally meet the man she had only ever seen on a computer screen. SHE DROVE 600km TO DELIVER LUNCH -– AND LOVE – TO HER NEW Felicity Moyo (24) from Observatory, Joburg told Daily Sun she decided to give her boyfriend, Ajax Bhengu (25) the surprise of his life. Felicity said she was chatting to him on Wednesday last week when he told her he had been in an accident and he was hungry. By then she had already made up her mind but she didn’t tell him her plans. With clever questioning she worked out what his favourite food was and then, with two of her friends who came along for moral support, Felicity jumped into her car and drove from Joburg to KwaMashu in KZN for a first time meeting. A video of Felicity delivering lunch and a gift circulated on social media recently. And from the images it is clear that he was surprised and clearly delighted. It is not clear whether he or she, or both of them, were hiding happy tears, but it is very clear that he was surprised! Felicity explained they met on Facebook seven years ago but were both involved with other partners. Their relationship officially began on 27 December when it became clear that they were both single. “When I laid eyes on him, I realised the trip was worth it,” she said. “I found myself very comfortable around him and I loved the way he presented himself.” Felicity told the People’s Paper she was initially planning on staying in Durban for a day but (surprise, surprise!) she stayed a few days longer. Ajax told Daily Sun he never expected the visit. “The guys are the ones who are expected to go the extra mile,” he said. “The first time I saw her I couldn’t believe it was her. I started laughing and we started talking.” Ajax said he has no doubt that Felicity showed her love by making the long drive. Felicity told the People’s Paper that moving to Durban might be a possibility. “First I extended my stay as long as could but then I had to get back to work. If things go well I might even move to Durban.” Felicity said that she is happy to have found her soulmate. “I’m looking forward to something long term,” she said. “Who knows? We might even get married.” 