THE third Monday in January is the most depressing day of every year. While January is notorious as the unwanted month of Mondays, studies show the start of the third workweek is the ugliest cherry on the most soul-crushing four weeks after the Christmas season. Shouqat Mugjenker, mental health portfolio manager for Pharma Dynamics, said once the fun and festivities of the holidays are over and the lights and decorations are taken down, the mood comes down too. “The holidays tend to give us a temporary high with laughter, lights and music everywhere we go. But once the buzz wears off we are faced with the realities of life again.” Another problem is that depression is already at an all time high in Mzansi – one in three South Africans suffer from it. Tips to help lift your mood - Identify why you’re feeling so low by completing the Wheel of Life exercise. Draw a wheel with eight spokes radiating from the centre. Each represents the following areas of your life: health, money, social life, relationship with your partner or spouse, work and career, friends and family, home environment, personal and spiritual growth. Give each a score from one (the lowest) out of 10 (the best). Focus on the areas that you attributed a low score to. - Set realistic expectations – even if it means scrapping some or all your original list of New Year’s resolutions. - Don’t procrastinate! The longer you put things off, the more miserable you’ll feel. - Identify activities that reduce stress and make more room for them this year, such reading, listening to music, spending time outdoors and more. - Get in the habit of regular exercise. Physical activity can release endorphins which reduces stress levels and make you feel happy. - Weeks of overindulgence can also leave you tired, so be sure to eat a diet of nutritious food which will help boost your mood. - To deal with financial debt, make sure you make decisions that won’t worsen the situation. Consult a debt counsellor for advice. - Stay positive by expressing gratitude for what you have and acknowledging the good things in your life. - Don’t put a limit on happiness. People often say that they’ll be happy when it’s holidays again or when they have more money but doing so means wishing away valuable time. Rather embrace January and every other month afterwards by filling your hours with activities and events that add value to your life. - Plan fun but affordable events throughout the year so there’s something to look forward to all year round.