VINCENT Pule’s late goal helped Orlando Pirates hold relegation haunted Baroka FC 1-1 in an Absa Premiership match played at Orlando Stadium last night. The speedy winger cancelled Matome Mabeba’s 13th minute opener when he headed home the equalizer in the 83rd minute following a terrific cross from Augustine Mulenga. Referee Abongile Tom lost control of the game as Bakgaga keeper Elvis Chipezeze and his teammates used time delaying tactics as they were constantly on the deck injured which frustrated the home team. Although, Bucs are still unbeaten in the league since August last year, the stalemate has denied them the chance to overtake leaders Bidvest Wits at the summit of league table. Pirates needed to beat Baroka 4-0 in order to return to the summit on goal difference as Wits had dropped two valuable points on Sunday when they drew 3-3 with Polokwane City at Peter Mokaba Stadium. The Soweto giants are two points behind the Clever Boys on 32 points from 18 matches, while Baroka remain third bottom on 16 points from 18 matches. Pirates were eager to avenge the Telkom Knockout final defeat on penalties in December last year as Baroka lifted their maiden trophy in the Premier Soccer League. Although, Pirates enjoy dominance over Baroka in the league having beaten them 2-1 in the first round and 3-1 last season, their loss in the TKO final is still a bitter pill for their fans to swallow. Pirates approached the match high in confidence having thrashed Guinea side Horoya in the Caf Champions League group stages match played at the same venue last Friday. Bucscoach made six changes to his starting line-up as he rested majority of his key players Asavela Mbekile, Innocent Maela, Xola Mlambo, Musa Nyatama, Thembinkosi Lorch and Kudakwashe Mahachi who was on the bench to recharge their energy due to the hectic schedule that saw them play five games in 16 days. The Serbian born mentor gave right-back Mthokozisi Dube a rare start while midfielder Ben Motshwari returned to the side following a long lay-off due to injury.