DANNY JORDAAN has left for Dakar, Senegal brimming with confidence that South Africa will be declared new hosts of the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) on Wednesday. The Confederation of African (Caf) will announce the country that will take over from Cameroon after the central African country was stripped off rights to host the continent’s premier cup due to readiness. Jordaan and Egypt are the front runners to host the masses on 15 June to 13 July where, for the first time, 24 teams will compete for the trophy. “We have a strong case,” said the SA Football Association (Safa) president ahead of his departure. “It’s hard to tell at this stage, but I know that our chances are good considering the infrastructure that we have in South Africa. We have Cape Town, Port Elizabeth, FNB Stadium, Polokwane and Nelspruit as part of the required six stadiums to host Afcon. And they are not too far from each other, except for PE and Cape. But that is not all, we also have the Free State, Pretoria and Royal Bafokeng for more. The 2019 SA local organising committee, led by Jordaan, has agreed in principle with the South African government before they submitted their bid last month. “Remember, everything happened at short notice, and there was no way Cabinet could have met, deliberated and gave consent,” he added. “But we’re still waiting for some specifications from Caf, which was a request from our government.” Meanwhile, sensational Banyana Banyana snipper, Thembi Kgatlana, stands a good chance of winning the African Women’s Player of the Year away, including the CAF Goal of the Year award. The award gala will be held in Dakar, Senegal on Tuesday. For the Player of Year, Kgatlana will compete with Nigerian duo – Asisat Oshoala and Francisca Ordega. Her best goal was unleashed against Nigeria’s Super Falcons in their 1-0 win in the Women’s Cup of Nations held in Ghana in November. “The truth is, in both nominations I am up against tough candidates, but I feel more confident going to the awards...” Head coach Desiree Ellis will vie for the Coach of the Year award with Cameroon mentor Joseph Brian Ndoko and Thomas Dennerby (Nigeria).