As much as rappers, Cassper Nyovest and AKA like to pretend that the feud between them is dead and buried, it sure is hard to believe. Even though they don’t address each other directly, or even go at it as much as they used to, they still throw major shade at each other on the socials. And beyond social media, they definitely still shade each other in their music. Once upon a time, these two rappers had so much beef that they allegedly once had a physical altercation in a popular night club in Joburg. But the boys have grown now and are keeping their hands to themselves, just not off their social media. In the latest edition of who shaded who, Cassper has referred to his career rival as a “fan boy”. CASSPER'S MOEMISH OF THE WEEK This will no doubt push AKA’s buttons and so a clapback is imminent. AKA, real name Kiernan Forbes, will be celebrating his 31st birthday tomorrow and to ring in the new age, he is having a blowout at Sumo nightclub in Rosebank, Joburg tonight. During the past week, AKA was obviously on the promotional trail, trying to get fans to buy tickets to the party and so he posted endlessly about it. In one of the posts, AKA is seen in a picture with a guy who looks very much like Cassper Nyovest. “BIRTHDAY WEEKEND LOADING,” AKA captioned the picture. Cassper Nypvest, real name Refiloe Phoolo, obviously felt that this (or AKA’s choice of friends) has everything to do with him, so he addressed the issue. “You’re such a fan boy,” he tweeted immediately after the picture was posted. CASSPER RECALLS BEING CHASED OUT OF A CLUB BEFORE HIS FAME “I swear the next thing my dude is gonna do is shoot a music video with someone who looks like me. My dude is such a fan,” he continued. And since he was in the mood to address things, he also made it clear this week, that he and Riky Rick have no beef and Riky’s absence at Fill Up Moses Mabhida was not a sign of anything. “He was booked for other shows. We tried to get him and we were not successful,” he told one fan. And in case you were also under the impression that Cassper would be the surprise act at Riky’s Cotton Fest come the 2nd of February, you are mistaken. But no, this also doesn’t mean that the rappers are not on good terms. “I wasn’t booked for the event or even asked to be part of it but I don’t have beef with not being part of it though. It’s dope to see SA hip hop unite & create dope moments. I’m all for that,” Cassper preached. But even we have to admit that it is a little shady that Cassper felt the need to pay this supposed beef so much airtime. “Not everything has to be a problem. Not everything has to be beef. We can all just do our thing and Co-exist. More love!!! More life!!! More blessings!!!” he went on.  