Fitness bunny, Sbahle Mpisane is reeling this week as she being “mentally tormented” by a stalker. The social media sensation is said to be shocked and fearful for her life because of the alleged stalker who has been bothering her for two full weeks now. So scared in fact, that she made a call for it to come to an end on social media yesterday morning. “For the past 2 weeks I have been dealing with messages from a stalker or hacker that have been blackmailing me & my family on my personal number,” she said. She warns her fans, family and friends not to fall for the stalker/hacker’s tricks when he/she contacts them using her fake Twitter account. ICYMI: SBAHLE GIVES BACK TO THE LESS FORTUNATE “Please note that I have not been on Twitter since regaining consciousness and being released from hospital in November. I have NO new Twitter account. Both my Instagram accounts were also hacked,” she went on. Sbahle was released from a Durban hospital in November after spending weeks in a coma following a tragic accident she was involved in. Since regaining consciousness and going back home, she has taken time away from social media, posting once or twice to thank her fans for their support. And yet, there seems to be a thug who is trying to prey on her vulnerability. “I am already dealing with overcoming an emotionally & physically traumatic accident, and to have someone mentally tormenting me in this way is setting me back emotionally,” she told her followers. READ ALSO: SBAHLE’S MESSAGE TO INJURED KHUNE Sbahle shared this message as an attachment to a picture of herself with a clay mask on her face and legs, almost as if she was going through some sort of traditional/cultural healing ceremony. “All I want is to get better and be as close to normalcy as I can possibly can get to. I pray and appeal to you, whoever you are to grant me peace. Thank you for your continued prayers, motivation and support,” she said. READ AGAIN: SBAHLE MPISANE HANGS OUT WITH FORMER FIRST LADY Hi Guys, For the past 2 weeks I have been dealing with messages from a stalker or hacker that have been blackmailing me & my family on my personal number. Please note that I have not been on Twitter since regaining consciousness and being released from hospital in November. I have NO new Twitter account. Both my Instagram accounts were also hacked. I am already dealing with overcoming an emotionally & physically traumatic accident, and to have someone mentally tormenting me in this way is setting me back emotionally. All I want is to get better and be as close to normalcy as I can possibly can get to. I pray and appeal to you, whoever you are to grant me peace. Thank you for your continued prayers, motivation and support???? A post shared by  FitnessBunnie (@sbahle_mpisane) on Jan 28, 2019 at 5:28am PST   