Nomzamo Mbatha has issued a formal apology to victims of gender-based violence and the country at large. This after she was dragged by the public when a selfie of herself and alleged woman basher, Arthur Mafokate surfaced over the past weekend. The infamous selfie was taken and shared by Arthur himself during the ANC birthday celebrations and manifesto launch in Durban. The photo caused so much outrage that the ANC went as far as to distance itself from the mess, claiming that Arthur wasn’t invited and that they don’t know how he made his way in. ICYMI: CICI TO ARTHUR: I FORGIVE YOU Nomzamo has borne most of the brunt of this blaze, with social media dragging her for being an activist and feminist “for pay” when it suits her while cozying up with woman abusers behind the scenes. Among those who spoke out about their anger over the picture, was one of Arthur’s former victims, Busisiwe "Cici" Thwala. “I love Nomzamo Mbatha and think she’s such a Queen and I Stan. But a social activist never takes off their activist hat. This tweet is not for me it’s for the young woman that will bump into this and continue to be silent because you choose to be polite to an abuser,” said Cici. When the backlash first erupted, Nomzamo spoke out on her Twitter page and tried to explain her side of the story. ICYMI: NOMZAMO DRAGGED FOR POSING WITH ARTHUR “I’m cringing with you. I was walking past, post the concert and looking for my manager when he greeted and whipped out his phone for a picture. Being polite I absent ‘mindedly’ obliged I’m definitely not a fan and I’m sorry I wasn’t present enough to say ‘F**K OFF, no thanks’,” she said. She has since released another statement through her management, apologizing for the whole saga. “I apologize unreservedly for that and want to reassure the public and my supporters that I firmly oppose abuse of any kind. My heart goes out to all the victims of abuse. My heart broke when Cici came out with her story of abuse. I applaud and encourage her for speaking out and for being a voice for many other victims of abuse and violence,” she said.  