The famous Modiselle sisters, Bontle, Refilwe and Candice have launched a social media attack against the person allegedly responsible for hacking rapper, Priddy Ugly’s Twitter account. Taking to both their Instagram and Twitter pages, the sisters have exposed and asked their fans to report the @bariscanresmi account. They have alleged that he is responsible for hacking and posting on behalf of Priddy Ugly, real name Ricardo Moloi. Leading the charge is of course, Priddy’ girlfriend, Bontle who broke the news of the hack and has relentlessly asked their fans to report the account. “ATTENTION. Priddy Ugly’s twitter account has been hacked into & taken over by this FAKE account. The hacker blocked me. The first image is a screen grab from someone else’s account who isn’t blocked. The hacker swapped accounts & keeps changing handles. PLEASE BE AWARE,” Bontle said. ICYMI: REFILWE MODISELLE ON OVERCOMING BEING CALLED UGLY! Refilwe and Candice have since joined in on the attack, asking their fans to help report the hacker to the Twitter authorities. They have also labelled the man an “idiot” and a “p**s”. “This is an attack. The hacker is literally posting Insta stories of everyone reporting him or posting about him hacking Priddy Ugly’s account, and making commentary in a language we don’t understand. Can anyone decipher what he’s saying?! @Twitter @TwitterSupport please see,” Bontle pleaded. PRIDDY UGLY REMEMBERS LIVING IN A GARAGE! “The punk is speaking Turkish. He's boasting about how he's famous after all this.... but from the snaps the twitter account has been frozen. But for him this is fun,” Refilwe responded. The news has spread all over Mzansi celebville, with personalities such as Scoop Makhathini expressing his shook at the hack. A quick scan of the hacker’s account will reveal that whoever is running that account is obsessed with the Modiselle sisters and with Priddy Ugly. ICYMI: PRIDDY UGLY NOW HAS BIGGER AMBITIONS Priddy Ugly has since created a new account, accepting defeat and releasing a statement to his fans. “Our team tried their best to retrieve the profile …however we have lost the profile to the hacker. We have since opened a new Twitter account with the handle @_priddyugly. This is the only official Priddy Ugly account on Twitter. Any other accounts are either fan accounts or spam accounts. We will ensure that such does not happen in the future,” he said.  