Actress, dancer and choreographer, Bontle Modiselle has let fans in on a very private part of her life. The 28-year-old personality has penned a love letter to her body, acknowledging the pain it has been through and promising to take better care of her body in 2019. She also speaks about the insecurities that she faces and the negative comments that have been made about her weight gain. “Dear Body: You’ve changed! As of late, you’ve been greeted by the mention of how much weight you’ve lost. True. What is also true is that in 2018 you experienced very testing levels of variations in hardship, insecurities, injuries, scrutiny, learning how far you can go,” she said. She went on to say that despite all the pain, judgement and insecurities, her body was still able to push through and dance. “You danced, you made love, you had inconsistent eating and sleeping patterns, you superseded my mind when it told you give up, you taught me more about the things you love, the things you hate and what you just won’t take - man! I tested you,” she went. WATCH: SIX TIMES BONTLE SHOWED US SHE GOT MOVES! She then addressed an issue that has everyone not only wondering what she is speaking about, but also very concerned about the star and what she has been through. “But the toughest was you experiencing a pain that you will one day be courageous enough to speak about. Until then, continue to heal. But know, I have an intense love for you now. I hear you. I feel you. I get you. I understand you. I love you,” she confessed. Bontle went on to make promises to her body, making a vow to use her body to help other people fall in love with themselves as they are, or what she calls “true love for themselves”. She plans on doing this by offering dance session and using dance as a means to falling in love with one's body. “I want them to dance, to live and love life. Wherever it shall take me, I will go. It’s TIME! Let’s have this dance! Dance Sessions info coming soon,” she ended. ICYMI: SCOOP & BONTLE JOIN YFM! Dear Body You’ve changed! As of late, you’ve been greeted by the mention of how much weight you’ve lost. True. What is also true is that in 2018 you experienced very testing levels of variations in hardship, insecurities, injuries, scrutiny, learning how far you can go, you danced, you made love, you had inconsistent eating and sleeping patterns, you superceded my mind when it told you give up, you taught me more about the things you love, the things you hate and what you just won’t take - man! I tested you! But the toughest was you experiencing a pain that you will one day be courageous enough to speak about. Until then, continue to heal. But know, I have an intense love for you now. I hear you. I feel you. I get you. I understand you. I love you. And so, in 2019, I want to dedicate my time and energy with others to help them find a true love for themselves, in their truest form. Just as they are. I want them to dance, to live and love life. Wherever it shall take me, I will go. It’s TIME! ?????? So....Let’s have this dance??! Dance Sessions info coming soon... #BontleBaAfrika A post shared by  Bontle Modiselle (@bontle.modiselle) on Jan 22, 2019 at 6:34am PST   