It’s been 24 hours since the tragic news of the passing of legendary Zimbabwean musician sent shock waves across the African continent. The iconic musician lost his battle with diabetes on Wednesday at the age of 66 after many years of living with the disease. He was adored by fans, industry colleagues and many Africans in general for his powerful music as well as his humanitarian work. WATCH: HOW MTUKUDZI SPENT HIS BIRTHDAY! In addition to producing some of the greatest music in African cultural history, the Todii hit-maker was also a businessman, philanthropist, human rights activist and UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador for Southern Africa Region. His passing has left a great void in many people’s hearts including our local entertainers who have taken to social media to express their sadness. “An honour to have met Oliver Mtukudzi on a couple occasions and his humility always left me in awe. Such a great. Such a loss. One of the best there will ever be. Rest In Peace King Tuku. Thank you for the music,” said Maps Maponyane. TRIBUTES CONTINUE TO POUR IN FOR MTUKUDZI Local rapper, Emtee was at a loss for words, using only a broken heart emoji to describe his mood. Another lyricist who was left heart-broken was Aewon Wolf, who said: “It was one of my greatest privileges hosting Mr Oliver “Tuku” Tukudzi in Durban at the Werehouse! He performed for 3hrs straight and never lost the crowd once! I was in Awe! R.I.P Sir”. Idols SA host, Proverb chose to only thank Tuku for blessing us with his craft. MTUKUDZI DIES ON BRA HUGH'S DEATH ANNIVERSARY! “Sad to learn of the passing of yet another legend. Thank you for the music Ntate Oliver Mtukudzi,” he said. The big dawg, DJ Fresh remembered interviewing the legend the day after the passing of another legend Tuku’s friend, Hugh Masekela. “A year ago, the world lost Icon Bra #HughMasekela. The very next day Bra #OliverMtukudzi joined us for some #FreshBreakfast. He spoke so fondly of Bra Hugh & the memories they created together. Exactly a year later & they are together again,” said Fresh. Meanwhile, Thandiswa Mazwai’s heart bled for Zimbabwe. LEGENDARY MUSICIAN OLIVER MTUKUDZI HAS DIED! “Do we have what it takes to be as they were! Giving of ourselves! Representing an African originality! Having Ubuntu! Aaaahhh kubuhlungu! #RipTuku my heart goes out to his family! We must go to Zimbabwe! Especially with all the pain that has been happening there,” King Tha said. “I felt like I knew him because he was always happy to chat on here. Neria will always be one of my favourite songs,” said Poppy Ntshongwana. 