IT WILL take a long time before Deborah Letsoalo finds a way to let go of her anger and sorrow. “We want nothing to do with that prophet!” she told the People’s Paper. "I blame Bushiri for the loss of our mother," said Deborah! Sarah Mohlala (70) of Soshanguve, Tshwane died in a stampede at Enlightened Christian Gathering Church led by Prophet Shepherd Bushiri on 28 December. Deborah Letsoalo (49), Sarah’s daughter, said: “That church must be closed. It treats people badly. That church has a lot of secrets.” Deborah said when she looked for her mum last Sunday the church’s security denied her access to the premises because they said she called them Satanists. “They sent us all over when we were looking for our mother,” she said. “We will never attend Bushiri’s church. My mother did not deserve to die like that. We were always against her attending that church.” Deborah said the family wants compensation. She said what angered them most was that the church leaders took their brother to Pretoria West and Kalafong hospitals in search of their mother’s body while knowing she was dead. The family said they did not understand what the church was hiding from them. “We had a right to know where she was,” said Deborah. “We only found out on Monday morning that our mother had died.” Deborah said she did not know what her mother was getting from the church. “She would turn against us whenever we pleaded with her to leave it,” she said. She said even though the church contributed towards the funeral it was too little. “My mum was a hard worker. She always made her garden beautiful and used to design shoes and beads,” she said. The funeral at Zandfontein Cemetery in Tshwane West on Saturday was emotional and some family members had to be helped to stand when the gogo’s coffin was lowered into the grave. Neighbour Miriam Molefe (74) said Sarah was a good woman. “It hurts to know that she has died,” she said. Neighbour Lucy Legoale (61) said Sarah’s death had left many people broken-hearted.  