BAROKA FC aim to prove to football fans that winning the Telkom Knockout Cup was not a fluke by challenging for the Nedbank Cup this time. The 2018/19 Telkom Knockout champions face National First Division (NFD) side Jomo Cosmos in the Nedbank Cup Last 32 at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Tuesday night (7.30pm). And their star striker, Talent Chawapiwa, told SunSport they’re aiming high for the winners’ purse of R7 million. “We won the Telkom Knockout Cup and want to try to challenge for this one,” said the Zimbabwean international. “Our aim this season is to do well in the league and also challenge for every competition in the Premier Soccer League. We want to go all the way in this tournament to prove it was not by mistake that we won the TKO. It won’t be easy but we will fight like we did with the Telkom Knockout.” The 26 year-old has warned his teammates not to underestimate Ezenkosi, as they could get a surprise. “We have to respect all the teams we will play against. It doesn’t matter whether they are from lower leagues or PSL,” he explained. “We have to play to our best on Tuesday. Cosmos are well-known team in the country and will come energised as they will want to prove a point.” Chawapiwa even went further to make an example of their Limpopo rivals and PSL outfit Polokwane City, who were knocked out of this tournament by NFD side Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila at the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium on Wednesday night. Tshakhuma beat City 2-1 to advance to the Last 16. “Look, NFD teams are strong. Tshakhuma beat City,” said Chawapiwa. “City are in good form and who thought they could lose to Tshakhuma. So that’s why we have to be careful and not to take this NFD side lightly. “NFD teams have good players. You will see many NFD and lower division sides surprising many teams.” Baroka, who are still in the danger zone in their league run and will be looking at the likes of Chawapiwa, Jemondre Dickens and Tebogo Sodi to knock out Jomo Sono’s lads. Cosmos are coming to this clash from a bad league run. Sono’s lads have suffered three consecutive league defeats.