Allergies on the rise among children from gluten allergy and
hypoallergenic pets, to avoiding the flu shot because of an egg allergy, there
are a lot of common myths and misconceptions about allergies. Many might be
shocking due to a great deal of false information in the media and on the
internet. And some of the misconceptions can be damaging to your
health if vaccinations are skipped and extreme dietary avoidances are taken. But where did all of these misconceptions come from?
According to a presentation being given at the Annual Scientific Meeting of the
American College of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology (ACAAI), previously held
beliefs from medical experts and public perception are partially to blame. "Many early medical beliefs have been proven to be
incorrect as research has advanced," said allergist David Stukus, MD,
ACAAI member and presenter. "Unfortunately, some of these beliefs are
still on the Internet, where an astonishing 72% of users turn to for health
information." In his presentation, Dr. Stukus outlined some of the
greatest allergy myths, and explained why they are false. 1. I'm Allergic to Artificial Dyes – There is no scientific
evidence to support a link between exposure to artificial coloring and
allergies. Controversy exists regarding evidence for artificial coloring and
behaviuoral changes in children, as well as dyes causing chronic urticaria and
asthma. 2. I Cannot Have Vaccines Due to an Egg Allergy – Egg
embryos are used to grow viruses for vaccines such as the flu, yellow fever and
rabies shots. However, it's now safe to get the flu shot, which can help
prevent serious illness. 3. At-Home Blood Tests Reveal All You're Allergic To – These
tests might be able to reveal sensitisation, but being sensitized to a certain
allergen, like milk, doesn't mean you're allergic. These sort of at-home
screening tests are not reliable and can often lead to misinterpretation,
diagnostic confusion and unnecessary dietary elimination. 4. Highly Allergenic Foods Shouldn't be Given to Children
until 12 Months of Age – For most children, there is no evidence to support
avoidance of highly allergenic foods past four to six months of age. New
evidence emerging shows that early introduction of highly allergenic foods may
promote tolerance. 5. I'm Allergic to Cats and Dogs, but Can Have a
Hypoallergenic Breed – Unfortunately, there is no such thing as a truly
hypoallergenic dog or cat. Allergens are released in saliva, sebaceous glands
and perianal glands. It's not the fur people are allergic to. It is true that
some breeds are more bothersome for allergy sufferers than others. 6. I'm Allergic to Shellfish and Cannot Have Iodine Imaging
– Radiologists and cardiologists often use iodinated contrast during CT scans
and other procedures for better imaging. Since shellfish contain iodine, many
physicians have linked a contrast reaction to a shellfish allergy. However,
this is false, and a shellfish allergy has nothing to do with the reaction. In
fact, iodine is not and cannot be an allergen as it found in the human body. 7. I Can't have Bread, I'm Allergic to Gluten – You can have
a gluten intolerance, but it's extremely rare to have a true allergy. Most
allergic reactions to these foods stem from wheat. Many people self-label as
having gluten allergy and avoid gluten without any medical indication. With information being widespread online via social media
portals, how do you know what to believe and what not to believe? "If you think you may have an allergy, you should see a
board-certified allergist for proper evaluation, testing, diagnosis and
treatment," said Dr. Stukus. "Misdiagnosis and inappropriate
treatment can be dangerous." SOURCE: NEWS24