KwaZulu-Natal's Asset Forfeiture Unit on Thursday swooped in
on top ANC KwaZulu-Natal politician Mike Mabuyakhulu and seven of his
co-accused in a corruption case. They seized their property and cars in an early morning
raid. Hawks spokesperson Captain Simphiwe Mhlongo confirmed the
seizures and said they were related to their involvement in the North Sea Jazz
Festival graft scandal. "It is not just Mabuyakhulu, but also his co-accused
who have had their assets seized and attached. This is part of the ongoing
case." Mabuyakhulu was elected the ANC KwaZulu-Natal deputy
chairperson in 2018. Mhlongo said the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA)
applied for an interim court order to "quarantine their assets until the
finalisation of the matter". "It can be opposed or challenged in court. It is a
process that is ongoing at the moment. It does not mean they are guilty. They
might be found not guilty and assets will be sent back to them." Mabuyakhulu has made appearances in the Durban's Commercial
Crime Court facing charges of money laundering and corruption relating to R28m
allegedly paid for a North Sea Jazz Festival in Durban in 2012 which never took
place. Companies paid for services not rendered He was arrested in 2018 along with seven others.
Mabuyakhulu, his co-accused and their companies are collectively facing 77
charges. In a previous sitting the matter was postponed until
February for the State to respond to more requests for further particulars on
the charge sheet. Mabuyakhulu's co-accused are Ceaser Walter Mkhize, Mabheleni
Ntuli, Mzwandile Basil Ninela, Nonhlanhla Brenda Ninela, Nothando Lorraine
Zungu, Ntokozo Ndlovu and Njabulo Mbongwe Mkhize. The companies involved are Desmond Khalid Golding, DMD
Capital PTY LTD, Ishashalazi Production CC, Ishinga Holdings, Maqhoboza Traders
CC, Shaka Holdings, Soft Skills Communications 100 CC and Supersize Investment
20CC. It is alleged that they were paid for their services, even though
the event was cancelled. At a previous court appearance Mabuyakhulu's lawyer, Jimmy
Howse, said he was only facing six of the 77 charges, involving R300 000, and
suggested that his case should be separated from the rest. He asked for a "swift response" to the request for
further particulars. SOURCE: NEWS24