MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says all his players will need to come to the party since they have a hectic schedule, starting with a date against Polokwane City tomorrow. The teams will battle it out in an Absa Premiership match at Loftus Stadium (7.30pm). Mosimane said this after his side beat Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs 2-1 in their opening league clash of the new year at FNB Stadium on Saturday. Said Mosimane: “We will play every three days and have a gap on the fourth day that we will be travelling most of the time. We have 32 games to play and it’s like playing in another league. This is the time we need everybody so that we can have a lot of ammunition needed.” He said he decided to take precaution and rested first choice keeper Denis Onyango to utilise the services of Kennedy Mweene against Amakhosi due to the tough fixture schedule. The former Bafana Bafana mentor said Chiefs and their rivals Orlando Pirates will also feel the pressure of travelling. The Soweto giants will be involved in the Caf Champions League and Confederation Cup respectively. Downs travel to Nigeria where they will meet Lobi Stars at Aper Aku Stadium on Friday, while Pirates take Zimbabwean outfit FC Platinum at Barbourfields Stadium on Saturday. Chiefs travel to Zambia for a date with Zesco United on Sunday. Mosimane added: “We have six games coming and we also need Denis to be ready. “We will all be in transit and it will be difficult for everybody, including Chiefs and Pirates. In Ndola, it’s a big game (for Chiefs) because it’s tough (to get results there). But I am happy that our brothers are there (in Caf competitions) now it’s good for Bafana Bafana.” Mosimane said the PSL have made life easier for them as they shifted other league fixtures to accommodate the Champions League. He has tipped Bidvest Wits to win the league title. “This is our lives and the PSL communicate with us to shift other league games. “Chiefs and Pirates are going through the same process and I tip Gavin Hunt (Wits coach) to win the league. But it’s too early for us to talk about the league and we must thread carefully.”