Reality TV star and cosmetics mogul, Kylie Jenner has been dethroned by an egg on Instagram. Kylie, who once held the record for the most liked Insta post in the world, is now reeling to have that titled taken away by a mere egg. In February 2018, a picture of the fingers of Kylie and her then new-born daughter, Stormi broke the internet and raked in over 18 million likes, making the famous Kardashian/Jenner sister the record-holder. But this past week, the egg managed to garner almost 40 million likes, easily snatching the crown from Kylie. An online campaign was started by the @world_record_egg Instagram account, in an effort to overtake Kylie’s popularity. “Let’s set a world record together and get the most liked post on Instagram. Beating the current world record held by Kylie Jenner (18 million)! We got this,” the egg said. The egg’s goal was set on the 4th of January and it became a reality in just 10 days. Fans of the egg, which is now becoming known as Eugene, are also now trolling Kylie’s original record-setting post by posting egg emoji’s on the post's comments from almost a year ago. The ‘Egg Gang’, who are the owners of the egg’s account and the campaign have reacted to the overwhelming support from across the world. “This is madness. What a time to be alive. Thank you so much for all of your support and messages. I'm gonna try to get back to as many of you as possible. But for now I need to sleep. It doesn't end here though, we're only just getting started. #EggGang. Mic drop,” they said. The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star has since reacted to the egg shattering her record with a video of herself frying an egg on the side of the road on very hot day. She titled the video, “Take that little egg”. The egg phenomenon also caught the attention of the popular talk show host, Ellen DeGeneres who tried to create some harmony in this whole mess. “According to my calculations, this will be the most liked Instagram post ever! The egg + @KylieJenner = 51,000,000 likes minimum,” she said with a picture of Kylie and the egg mashed together. Let’s set a world record together and get the most liked post on Instagram. Beating the current world record held by Kylie Jenner (18 million)! We got this ?? #LikeTheEgg #EggSoldiers #EggGang A post shared by  EGG GANG ?? (@world_record_egg) on Jan 4, 2019 at 9:05am PST  stormi webster ???? A post shared by  Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Feb 6, 2018 at 1:14pm PST  Take that little egg A post shared by  Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Jan 13, 2019 at 6:04pm PST  According to my calculations, this will be the most liked Instagram post ever! The egg + @KylieJenner = 51,000,000 likes minimum. A post shared by  Ellen (@theellenshow) on Jan 14, 2019 at 12:21pm PST   