THIS mid-season player transfer period promises to be the busiest ever with clubs such as Bidvest Wits and Maritzburg United already flaunting cash by luring in new players. Muhsin Ertugral has brought in one of his former players to help him at Maritzburg, with a Cape Town City midfielder Mpho Matsi joining the club on loan. The 28-year-old started training with the Team of Choice this week after falling out of favour under Benni McCarthy this season. He played just five games in the Absa Premiership for 2018/19. The club said on their official Twitter account, “Cape Town City midfielder Mpho Matsi will spend the remainder of the season on loan at Maritzburg United. Best of luck to Mporoza and we look forward to welcoming him back in 6 months!” Maritzburg could also announce Mabhuti Khenyeza before the end of this week as coach Muhsin Ertugral assistant after AmaZulu confirmed his retirement on Wednesday night. Wits have confirmed the signing of three players – Prince Nxumalo and Brandon Petersen, both from National First Division (NFD) side Ajax Cape Town. There is also winger Sinethemba Jantjie who moved from Bethlehem, where he was with Free State Stars, and is now settled in Milpark. Wits confirmed the news and all these players are expected to start playing at the beginning of 2019-20 season in August. SunSport understands that Wits are also on the verge of signing Thandani Ntshumayelo who has been training with the club for the past four months. It has also come to our understanding that hapless George Lebese is on his way to join Benni McCarthy’s Cape Town City. The 29-year-old has seen less game time at Mamelodi Sundowns since he left Kaizer Chiefs in August 2017. Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane has said he won’t stand on Lebese’s way: “I respect and I understand that he wants to move on. I don’t want to kill his career. He is struggling to get into the team and that is a fact. If we can make sure that he can move on‚ why not. It is football and there are no hard feelings.” Lebese has failed to crack it in the Sundowns attacking midfield where he has to battle for the starting berth with Andile Jali, Themba Zwane‚ Oupa Manyisa and Lebohang Maboe. Other players on the move include frustrated Kudakwashe Mahachi who has asked his club Orlando Pirates to loan him back to Golden Arrows, since he is struggling to break into the Bucs squad. Mahachi joined Pirates at the beginning of the season. From the SuperSport United camp, veteran midfielder Thuso Phala and Fagrie Lakay are also believed to be on their way out. Polokwane City have signed Charlton Mashumba from Jomo Cosmos on a three-year-deal.