Model and media personality, K Naomi Noinyane has kicked started the year off with a trip to the East Africa of Kenya. Together with her sister, Thato Noinyane, K is on a mission of self discovery. The sisters have been spending time living their best lives in a resort in Shela, which can found on the Lamu Island. ICYMI: K NAOMI: "I COULD CRY FROM THE PAIN" They have been there for a week now and are exploring the island, visiting markets, sight-seeing and of course, snorkeling. “Nothing feels better than taking out time to figure out yourself and this thing we call Life. Finding myself and doing it on purpose,” K Naomi said on Instagram. She also told fans that she is having the time of her life and that exploring the island has been one the best experiences of her life. K NAOMI: I NEED PEACE “It really feels so good traveling to an African country. We have this positive vibe about ensuring our roots/culture and believes are never forgotten...something I really admire about being here. It’s so authentic...it almost feels like we went back in time to fully experience Lamu. This has been one of my fave trips yet,” she went on. The trip comes after she ended off a tumultuous 2018 in Cape Town. The star had a tough road in 2018, ending her relationship with her ex-lover, DJ Shimza and later opening up to her fans on social media about the sadness she had to endure last year. READ ALSO: KNAOMI: FACE OF FOOTWORK SS18 COLLECTION  Happiness... Finding myself and doing it on purpose. Walks around Lamu Town, I’m literally I love with the authenticity of this place. - #KInKenya #Sistercation #Kenya #Travels #IstoreZA A post shared by  K Naomi Noinyane ???? (@knaomin) on Jan 4, 2019 at 3:17am PST  My mom left me with the most beautiful sister... God you chose her for me? So grateful.♥? - #Sistercation #KInKenya #Kenya #Lamu #Travels #IstoreZA A post shared by  K Naomi Noinyane ???? (@knaomin) on Jan 5, 2019 at 2:22am PST  And I don't wanna feel the way I do, but I like it... - #Sistercation #KInKenya #Kenya #Lamu #Travels #IstoreZA A post shared by  K Naomi Noinyane ???? (@knaomin) on Jan 6, 2019 at 8:20am PST  ...a sun set view from the floating bar. ♥? My sister and I had our first actual drinks here and they were playing Afro beats and not to forget @casspernyovests omg also popped up...so you know how excited that got me, it felt good to throw a little Shaku here and there. I didn’t know this would be one of the many beautiful sun sets I was about to experience on my trip. Please note, I’m posting images that stand out from my trip and were magical moments for me. It really feels so good traveling to an African country...we have this positive vibe about ensuring our roots/culture and believes are never forgotten...something I really admire about being here. It’s so authentic...it almost feels like we went back in time to fully experience Lamu. This has been one of my fave trips yet! - #Sistercation #KInKenya #Kenya #Lamu #Travels #IstoreZA A post shared by  K Naomi Noinyane ???? (@knaomin) on Jan 7, 2019 at 10:16pm PST   