ABC Motsepe League outfit Baberwa FC continue to provide the platform for former Premier Soccer League (PSL) players to revive their ailing careers. The club’s latest addition, former Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder Luyolo Nomandela, has joined the pool of ex-PSL players trying to revive their careers at the Alexandra-based club. The 29-year-old has joined the likes of former Orlando Pirates trio Khethokwakhe Masuku, Bheki Nzunga and Linda Shiba, as well as former Kaizer Chiefs duo Mthokozisi Yende and Tefu Mashamaite. These are some of the ex-PSL players on the club’s books. Former Chiefs and Sundowns defender Punch Masenamela has also been training with Baberwa in a bid to earn a contract. Nomandela is hoping to get back to his best and help Baberwa solidify their spot at the top of the Gauteng region standings, with the aim of gaining promotion to the National First Division (NFD). Nomandela missed out on promotion to the NFD, with his last club Tornado FC last season and is hoping to go one better this year. Said Nomandela: “I was struggling to find a team after I left Tornado FC. I spoke to Bra Joe Seanego (chairman) and he told me to come and join them here. I want to repay the faith that the club has shown in me. “I have been struggling for game time – I just want to play and help this team gain promotion. “I’m getting back to my level of fitness and my confidence is also coming back.” Nomandela believes the standard of the ABC Motsepe League has vastly improved over the years, and has attracted top players to play in the lower division. He is expected to make his debut tomorrow (1pm) together with Tumisang Matlholwa when Baberwa take on Pele Pele FC at Ransburg Sports Complex. Matlholwa joined the club from NFD side Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila. “The league is more professional now. Teams are improving their facilities and the quality of players,” he added. “Former PSL players are no longer afraid to come here and compete, and that says a lot about the standard of the league now.”