STRUGGLING Maritzburg United have received a major boost ahead of their crucial Absa Premiership clash against champions Mamelodi Sundowns at Loftus Versfeld on Wednesday night (7.30pm). Maritzburg coach Muhsin Ertugral could field a strong side for the first time this season following the return of striker Yannick Zakri, who went AWOL during the festive period. The Turkish born has strengthened his attack with the signing of strikers Thabiso Kutumela and Judas Moseamedi. The duo are likely to be thrown in the deep end against the Brazilians in a bid to avoid the relegation axe hovering above them. Kutumela joined the club on a three-year deal from Orlando Pirates, while Moseamedi is on loan from Cape Town City. The Team of Choice are bottom of league table on 11 points from 16 matches. They are a point behind Chippa United, with a game in hand. Ertugral revealed that midfielder Fortune Makaringe could be available for selection after he recovered from a knee injury, while Bokang Thlone, who was suspended in their 2-1 league defeat to Free State Stars last week, might also play. Mohau Makate, who also watched the Stars match from the stands will also return to the fold. Said Ertugral: “We will have a full squad this time and you can see we were lacking upfront, on the side and in the middle.’’ Ertugral revealed that Zakri was unable to return from his home country after the Christmas break due to a visa problem. He explained: “His visa had expired and it took long because the embassy in South Africa was closed for the festive season and only opened last week.” This is the first meeting between the sides as their first round clash on 4 December was postponed to accommodate Sundowns Caf Champions League preliminary round match against Guinea side Leone Vegetarian. Ertugral has a plan to stop Downs, who are unbeaten this season in 13 league outing. “Sundowns are always tough and I know them very well. “We need to see what kind of approach we will use. Maybe we will play more offensive or rely on counter attacks,” he said. To turn their fortunes around, Ertugral will need to tighten their defence that has conceded 14 goals so far. “We are not holding to the ball enough and that has been our problem. But I was impressed against Stars. We were disciplined and organised,” he said.