Orlando Pirates coach Milutin "Micho" Sredojevic has heaped praise on captain Happy Jele for his longevity and reliability. Jele has been a pillar for the Bucs and a constant feature in their line-up in all competitions this season. He has played in all 18 of Pirtates’ games in the league so far where they currently occupy second place with 32 points, two behind leaders Bidvest Wits. He has also played in every cup game so far and is threatening to break former teammate Oupa Manyisa’s record of most appearances in a single season, which is 51 games. Micho says the 32-year-old has become more than just a player for the Buccaneers and is getting better with age. “He (Jele) has been here for a long time,” said Micho, “his extended hand of coaching in the field and his leadership qualities are important to this team. He is more than just a player, he is a coach and leader on the field. “He takes care of himself, and just like fine wine, Happy just keeps on getting better with age.” Jele, who has been paired with the likes of Caio Marcelo Pinheiro da Silva and Marshall Munetsi in the center of the Bucs’ defence, appears to have finally found the right partner in Alfred Ndengane. The former Bloemfontein Celtic defender has hit the ground running with the Sea Robbers and has formed a solid partnership with Jele in recent games. Jele says the understanding between them came naturally as they complement one another well. “Every partner I have played with has been good but Ali (Ndengane) came in and we just clicked,” said Jele. “He is a good player, he came with a lot of experience and I hope we can keep this partnership going until the end of the season.” Jele and Ndengane are expecteded to resume their partnership this weekend when Orlando Pirates travel to Tohoyandou Stadium (3pm) to face a resurgent Black Leopards outfit in the Nedbank Cup Last 32. Other Nedbank Cup Last 32 fixtures. Friday 25 January Cape Umoya United vs TUT. (Athloe Stadium at 3pm) Amazulu fc vs Highlands Park (King Zwelithini Stadium at 3pm) Saturday 26 January Umvoti v TS Glaxy (Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium at 3pm) Chippa v Mamelodi Sundowns (Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium 3pm) Free State Stars v Richards Bay (Goble Park 3pm) Cape Town City v SuperSport United (Cape Town Stadium, 8:15pm) Tjakastad v Golden Arrows (Kanyamazane Stadium, 8:15pm) Sunday 27 January Super Eagles v Bloemfontein Celtic ( Goble Park, 3pm) Witbank Spurs v Maritzburg United (PUMA Rugby Stadium, 3pm) Mbombela United v NC Professionals FC (Kanyamazane Stadium. 3pm) Tornado FC V Kaizer Chiefs (Sisa Dukashe Stadium, 3pm) Tuesday 29 January Maccabi v The Magic FC (Dobsonville Stadium, 7.30pm) Baroka v Jomo Cosmos (Peter Mokaba Stadium, 7.30pm)     