Controversial singer and dancer, Skolopad is looking to switch things up in 2019. Skolopad, whose real name is Nonhlanhla Qwabe, now wants to be known as Queen Star to usher in the New Year and a whole new image for herself. The red-carpet shocker told fans on her social media that she now wants to be called Queen Star, completely putting to rest the Skolopad we all know. SKOLOPAD: I REGRETTED BEING ENGAGED How the new name will affect her image and her work is not yet clear but if any of her past jaw-dropping moments are anything to go by, then we are in for a treat. It seems like Skolopad is trying to move forward in her life after a rather tumultuous 2018. The country was shocked recently when she announced that she had called off her short engagement to her bae. IS SKOLOPAD ENDING HER “SEROPE OUT” ACT? In her announcement, Skolopad alleged that her now former lover was trying to coerce her to commit fraudulent activity by lying about the extent of her injuries. “I regretted being engaged. I quit before I even stayed with him. He said I should lie and say my right hand is not working so that we get more money.” she told fans on Facebook. This was in addition to the dramatic car accident that left her in hospital and later a wheelchair last year. SKOLOPAD: I’VE LOST MY CONFIDENCE! Before the accident, Skolopad had also spent a few nights in hospital after an “accidental overdose” on anti-depressants. Also in 2018, the controversial star claimed she was putting her almost nude act to rest and switching to being a Gospel singer. With all of these ups and downs that 2018 brought to her, it seems like things are finally turning a corner for Skolopad, now Queen Star. My new name in2019 "QueenStar"1k likes to approve the name and I need a beat for this Song SAPS m gonna Mc in my home town Qwaqwa phuthaditjhaba stadium if I like your beat m recording the song in you home town whatsapp me a beat on 0630201978 let's do it???? A post shared by  QueenStar (@skolopad_sa) on Dec 30, 2018 at 10:48am PST   