THE trio of ABC Motsepe League outfit, Baberwa FC, Byrone Matthews, Samuel Warder and Mathew Crichton, hope to follow in the footsteps of former Bafana Bafana greats. The starlets look up to the likes of Neil Tovey, Mark Fish and Bradley Carnell, as some of the best white players Mzansi has produced. They are part of the Baberwa team that’s currently sitting pretty at the top of the Gauteng region standings. Their team is one to beat in the ABC Motsepe League this season. In a division that rarely has more than one white player in a single team, The Royals have three. Matthews, who has played for the Kaizer Chiefs’ youth side, is in his second season with Baberwa, and says it has been the best time of his career thus far. The player, nicknamed “Bizza”, says the camaraderie among players is key for the team’s success. “This is one of the most welcoming teams I’ve played for,” Matthews said. “You come here and they don’t make you feel like an outsider. “From top management, technical team to the players, everyone is just welcoming,” he said. “There are some teams where you go to and the opposition players get on your back and call you names but it’s all part of the game.” Warder, who looks up to Carnell, says it feels great to be at a club like Baberwa, which has ambition and has attracted former Premier Soccer League (PSL) stars to the lower division. The likes of former Orlando Pirates trio Khethokwakhe Masuku, Bheki Nzunga and Linda Shiba, as well as former Kaizer Chiefs trio Mthokozisi Yende, Tefu Mashamaite and Lucky Khune, are some of the players on the club’s books. They were recently joined by former Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder Luyolo Nomandela, while former Polokwane City defender, Punch Masenamela, is also training with them in a bid to win a contract. Matthews added: “There’s a lot of competition at the club. We have a number of former PSL players who motivate a lot of us young guys. It’s tough because this is a club with lots of expectations, so you need to work hard and stay on top of your game.” Chrichton, who was on the books of Maccabi FC last season, helping the team secure promotion to the National First Division, says he hopes to do the same at The Royals this season. Baberwa will be in search of their fifth straight win in just as many matches when they host Leruma United at Eldorado Stadium today (12.00pm). “We work hard. We are number one at the moment. Obviously, there’s still a long season ahead, but we’re striving for promotion.”