The City of Tshwane's first citizen, Solly Msimanga, will on
Friday announce a decision to step down as mayor. According to News24, the DA Gauteng premier candidate's
tenure will end in February, after which he will commit more time to his campaign
for the provincial office. It is expected that the speaker of council, Katlego Mathebe,
will take over from Msimanga as mayor. Msimanga took over as mayor in 2016 through a coalition
government after the municipal elections that did not produce an outright
victor in the City. The coalition and working relationship between the DA and
the EFF resulted in an ANC government that was riddled with in-fighting being
kicked out of power and onto the city council's opposition benches – for the
first time since the dawn of democracy. However, Msimanga has been feeling the heat from community
members, opposition parties and even from members of his own caucus who have
grown unhappy and have expressed a lack of faith in his leadership skills. Running battles The ANC in Tshwane and its leader, Kgosi Maepa, have been
calling for Msimanga's removal for several months amid the mayor's running
battles with city manager Moeketsi Mosola over the multibillion-rand GladAfrica
contract scandal. Msimanga has also been accused of making a number of
improper appointments, including those of his chief of staff and spokesperson,
while the EFF, which is in a partnership with the DA in Tshwane, had previously
attempted to get rid of Msimanga through a motion of no confidence. Msimanga and the DA are expected to use the upcoming polls
as the reason for the development. Some have accused the party of seeing him as
a liability and wanting to conveniently remove him from difficult Tshwane
politics. He was initially expected to step down at the end of last
year, but News24 understands both Msimanga and December commitments got in the
way. No clarity on future in case of loss Last year DA leader Mmusi Maimane and federal executive
chairperson James Selfe confirmed that various conversations had taken place
around Msimanga's continued stay as mayor, with Selfe admitting he had thought
it ideal for the Tshwane mayor to step down while on the campaign trail. There has been no indication about whether stepping down
would mean that Msimanga would join the Gauteng legislature should he lose out
on the premier position, or whether he would return to Tshwane as mayor. SOURCE: NEWS24