 Gauteng
police commissioner Lieutenant General Elias Mawela has condemned three
shootings in Centurion which left five dead and nine injured, including a
police officer. The
violence started around 05:00 on Monday when the driver of a taxi patrol
vehicle was shot dead near the Plaza taxi rank in Olievenhoutbosch, said
Brigadier Mathapelo Peters. Three
passengers survived and were rushed to hospital. Around
18:55, a vehicle with no registration stopped alongside a stationary taxi on
Ruimte Road in Heuweloord. A man was
shot and killed after an alleged scuffle in a Menlyn parking lot. Video footage
shows a crowd of people arguing between the rows of parked cars, then moments
later, a man pulls out his firearm and shoots one of the other men. Three armed
men got out and fired shots at the taxi, killing three men who were inside.
They then fled in their vehicle, said Peters. Peters said
a police officer was shot and critically wounded around the same time in the
same street, near Mall@55 in Olievenhoutbosch. Shots were
randomly fired from an unknown vehicle. Six other
victims were injured, while one person was declared dead on the scene. ER24
spokesperson Ross Campbell said that, when they arrived on the scene, they
found a man who had been shot dead in a vehicle. "Three
other adult males, all between the ages of 35 and 45, were found lying in the
street also having suffered gunshot wounds. Two were in a critical condition
and one had suffered minor injuries," he said. "A
27-year-old male, found 100m from the scene of the crime, had suffered serious
injuries, also from a gunshot wound." Campbell
said he was rushed to Kalafong Hospital. Mawela said
they were doing everything they could to catch those responsible so that the
violence did not escalate further. "As
the police, we are dutybound to ensure the safety of commuters who rely on
taxis as a means of transport, especially during this festive season period,
where people will be travelling long and short distances to different
destinations," he said. Cases of
murder and attempted murder are being investigated. Witnesses
or anyone who may have information that could lead to the identification and
apprehension of the suspects, can call the Crime Stop number 08600 10111 or
give a tip-off anonymously on the My SAPS app. SOURCE:
NEWS24