EVERY DAY we see images of pastors and bishops with waving arms claiming to fill people with the power of the Holy Spirit. But one gobela has come out to reveal that pastors come to him to get their power.  HE CALLS IT “THE BORROWED POWERS OF THE MEN OF GOD.” READ: BABES WODUMO'S WEIGHT LOSS QUESTIONED! Lenn-Morton Khokhovula Gundabaloyi (47) told Daily Sun he gives powers to pastors and bishops. He has been a spiritual being since he was 11 and, according to him, he is one of the most powerful gobelas in Africa. He told Daily Sun he has worked with some of the most powerful pastors in Africa. Even pastors from overseas call him for consultation. The gobela who practises from his home in Joburg, said his prices started from R20 000 for a consultation. “This has little power. All it does is keep the pastor’s existing congregants in church,” he said. The second consultation is R40 000, which gives prophetic powers and the church gains more members. “When these pastors pray, congregants faint, which makes it look as if the pastor is powerful. Then there’s the R60 000 to R80 000 treatment. He even uses a snake to make them powerful. “This is where the congregants worship the pastor more than they worship God. “They see everything about their congregants and their lives. They follow the pastor like bees.” He said the pastor only pays once, but some pastors are so grateful and shower him with gifts and more money. “Some of them add more money to make me keep quiet. “I put muthi using needles on the hands of pastors. They leave my place with their hands swollen, and when they touch congregants they fall. It’s the power of the muthi.” He said he goes to the river to consult his ancestors for help and takes grass from places where prominent people like politicians and celebrities have left their footprints. “Like FNB Stadium. It has been filled with people who have done amazing things,” he said. Khokhovula has birds which he said courier magic and can spread good or evil powers.  “I’m also guided and regularly thank my ancestors for what they’ve been doing for me.” Khokhovula’s YouTube channel explaining his various rituals has been active since 2014. READ: PICS: BOYFRIEND VS BEN 10! “The more I share the wealthier I become,” he said. He said having a powerful gift disciplines him. When Daily Sun asked him why he helped in this way, he said he was just fulfiling his clients’ wishes. The SunTeam spoke to pastors who asked not to be named. A pastor said he paid R40 000 as he was losing members. “I met Khokhovula three years ago and he helped me revive my church,” he said. “Yes, I use a sangoma for powers but people are in church to worship God and not me.” Another pastor said he paid Khokhovula R60 000 five years ago and his church was doing so well he gave the gobela R5 000 every month. He said Khokhovula bathed him with water and used needles with muthi on his hands. Daily Sun spoke to Bishop Thami Ngcana, who said pastors needed to stop consulting sangomas for powers. “The gift is drawn from God. If you don’t have it then it’s not yours. This is wrong,” said Ngcana. “People also need to pray more. We’ve seen pastors and bishops who’re worshipped more that the Lord. It’s a disgrace to God.” Reverend Kenneth Meshoe told Daily Sun: “They’re hypocrites who’re leading people to hell. They must go alone and leave innocent people alone.”