A total of five babies were delivered this morning at Shongwe Hospital in
Mpumalanga. There were two girls and three boys and the hospital expect 12 more babies by end of today. Mpumalanga health MEC Sasekani Manzini visited the hospital on Christmas
morning to meet with the babies and their mothers. She also showered them with
goodies.  "All babies are healthy, we are here to celebrate these mothers and we are
happy for them," she said. She said 30 babies have been born in the province by noon. New mum, Pertunia Singwane (16), who gave birth to a boy, told Daily Sun she
was happy that finally his son is here. "I named him Prosper because my pastor assured me during my pregnancy that
we will prosper," she said. Meanwhile Constance Lubisi (31), who went into labour this morning, gave birth
to a baby girl. She said she wasn't expecting another girl however she is
happy. "I named her Joy, I am happy although it was a
painful experience. I thank God for her," she said.  In Bushbuckridge, three babies were born at Mapulaneng Hospital. Happy mothers Ruth Ndlovu (37), Lucia Mafuyeka (18) and Bonisa Nkuna (35) who
got their little angels were welcomed with joyous songs of the nurses whom were
 joined by  Dr Barbara Green and Dr Nyte Baute, former Chippa United
player Katlego Mashego, retired teacher Sidah Mashigo, national police
commissioner Lieutenant - General Bonang Mgwenya and Acornhoek cluster police
Commander Major - General Dinah Mashele and other cops who showered them with
hampers including small blankets, body lotions, soaps, towels and many more. Ndlovu s baby girl, Enough Ndlovu, came at 5.30am, and Mafuyeka's baby boy,
Jacqueline Mafuyeka, came at 5am while Nkuna's baby girl, Kayla Letswele who is
her first born, arrived at 3am. "We congratulate you for having babies today as part of us police of
reaching out our community. We hope that you will bring them up and look after
them," said Mgwenya.  Former Chippa United player Katlego Mashego said: "It's perfect day. We
will need more resources to cater most of this hospital wards necessary for
everyone. We also handed out sweets, snacks and toys to the young patients here
so they can feel and enjoy the Christmas as well. At Tintswalo Hospital in Acornhoek, three babies. Baby Kgotalo Sekatane came at
12am, Thabiso Ngobeni at 12:12am while Present Mohlala was delivered at 2:30am.  