  The Commission for
the Promotion and Protection of the Rights of Culture, Religion and Linguistic
Communities (CRL commission) has suspended the summer initiation in four
regions of the Eastern Cape. This follows the
deaths of 22 initiates in the province since the beginning of the December
initiation season. During the same
period last year, 17 young boys died in their journeys from boyhood to manhood
in the same province. This was announced
at a media briefing held in Braamfontein, Joburg on Thursday by the Chairman of
the Commission, Professor David Luka Mosoma. Condemning the
deaths, Mosoma called on law enforcement agencies to arrest those responsible. “We are tasked
with the responsibility of protection and promotion of cultural practices.
Culture does not kill and everyone has a right to life,” he said. Mosoma also called
upon all stakeholders to work together to protect the young men undergoing
initiation. “When these young
boys go to initiation schools, they must come back alive,” he said. Professor Mosoma
emphasized that the Commission would ban initiation anywhere there are deaths
reported. “Life should be protected;
life should be nurtured. The deaths of initiates have become the new normal.
Where deaths occurred, that school must be shut down, and remaining initiates
must be taken to a place of safety,” he said. The Chairman also
told the media that the commercialization of initiation meant young people with
no experience were leading initiation schools, and this endangered the lives of
initiates in their care. The CRL Commission
said other challenges facing initiation schools in the Eastern Cape included
the kidnapping of underage boys into initiation schools and the unwillingness
of some police stations to assist parents who are reporting their teenage boys
missing. Referring to
Gauteng initiation schools, Mosoma said, “There was a sense of compliance since
the ban was lifted earlier in May this year. For the last two
years, the Commission had banned initiation in Gauteng following the deaths,
injuries and penal amputations of several initiates in many illegal mushrooming
initiation schools. He said incidents
of violence linked to initiation had decreased significantly during the period
the ban was in place and communities in the province were complying with the
Commission’s recommendations.