HE USED to carry over R10 000 as pocket money but lost it all when his dad’s death crushed him. Now Zaza Nyama is picking up the pieces. The 47-year-old from Vereeniging, Vaal, lost his dad Simon in 2014 after becoming CEO of Simon’s Sipajo Advertising company.  Zaza told Daily Sun:“My father did everything for me. More than father and son, we were best friends.” READ: WATCH: MY BLUE-EYED BOY IS NOT FOR SALE!  He said he lost everything when his dad died. “I mistakenly signed away the company, but have made peace with that. I started losing friends. Even most of my family turned against me. “The girlfriend I had spoilt rotten also left me.”  He said people laughed at him when they saw him in a taxi. “I had no idea what to do. I was tempted to take my own life, but the thought of leaving my babies stopped me,” he said. Zaza said he saw his dad slaughter a cow every year, but had no idea why he did it. On 28 January, he also featured on the front page of Daily Sun for doing the “Gigaba challenge”. Embarrassing photos of his 4-5 were circulated. Zaza also featured on Mzansi Magic’s #IBlewIt on Saturday. Four years ago, Zaza met a woman who changed his life and showed him the light when it came to culture.  Olive Monare (40) told Daily Sun Zaza was defensive at first. “He was afraid of opening up and knew nothing about culture. That everyone turned against him broke him.” She said teaching him spiritual and cultural things wasn’t easy. “But in the end, he grasped everything and saw the importance of ancestors.” Olive said Zaza’s father used to visit her in her dreams. “He guided me in educating his son. Zaza learnt a lot and his life’s changed for the better.”  At the moment Zaza works as a DJ. READ: WATCH: TSOTSI POINTS GUN AT DRIVER! Kenny Dlamini (35), who’s been friends with Zaza for 11 years, said: “I was there during the money and during his depression. He’s like a brother to me. I was hurt by how people treated him. I’m glad he’s back on his feet and is more disciplined.”     Cultural expert Mtimande Ngwenya stressed the importance of culture, saying not only did it help with finances, but also helped to be disciplined. “You’re being guided by your ancestors,” said Mtimande. “If you don’t do what needs to be done, you suffer. You lose your wealth and everything that gives you happiness.”