MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane is wary of the threat posed by Bidvest Wits. Mosimane is so concerned about Wits, who they meet at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium in an Absa Premiership clash tonight (7.30pm), that he has put their Telkom Knockout victory celebrations on ice. The Brazilians lifted the TKO trophy at the same venue on Saturday when they defeated Maritzburg United 2-1. What is worrying Mosimane is the fact that the Clever Boys came back last Tuesday from a tough away trip to Mali where they lost 1-0 to local outfit Djoliba in their opening Caf Confederation Cup Group C match and a PSL game. Wits had gone straight into a crunch PSL fixture against Golden Arrows in Durban last Thursday and beat Abafana Bes’thende 2-0 without any preparation for that clash. Now Gavin Hunt’s Students continue with their league catch up programme against defending champions Downs. The win over Arrows saw Wits move to fifth place on 19 points - 15 behind leaders Kaizer Chiefs, but the Clever Boys have four matches in hand over Amakhosi and five over Downs who are second with 24 points from 14 matches. Mosimane is hoping to close the 10 points gap on Chiefs but says Wits are dangerous opponents. Said Mosimane during a media briefing in Durban yesterday: “If Wits can come from Bamako and still beat Arrows, after all the travelling and fatigue it means they are much more rested now. “They are showing that they want to win the league title. Mathematically they are in the better position. They are the ones who are closer to Chiefs (because they still have more games in hand).” Sundowns have only trained once since the final. They went through their paces yesterday at the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium. Over the years, these two sides always produce close matches. And Mosimane expects another hard fought encounter tonight. “We are playing against a good team and at the end of the day it will be about small margins, small mistakes.” This will be Wits’ second “home” league match at Mabhida. They beat Orlando Pirates in a seven goal thriller that ended 4-3 on 21 September. Sundowns will rely on striker Mauricio Affonso who scored twice against Maritzburg in the TKO final and Wits will pin their hopes on Gift Motupa who helped them beat Arrows.