If you struggle with bad breath, you've probably tried everything to get rid of the problem – from breath mints to mouthwashes. When these do not work, you need to figure out what the root of the problem is. Something you might not have considered is blocked sinuses, often the cause of bad breath and often overlooked. Post nasal drip bad breath can cause a bad taste in the mouth and is associated with chronic nasal infection. Although sinuses don't seem to have much to do with bad breath, post nasal drip is a frequent cause of halitosis. How does chronic nasal congestion cause post nasal bad breath? The glands in your nose and throat are always producing mucus, a thick substance that moistens and cleans the nasal membranes while getting rid of inhaled foreign matter. It also fights infections by destroying bacteria and viruses. Your body has been designed to get rid of any excess mucus that is in your nose. The mucus mixes with your saliva and drips harmlessly down the back of your throat, usually when you swallow. However, when your body produces excess or thicker mucus, it becomes more noticeable. You are aware of it building up in your throat or dripping from the back of your nose. This is what is referred to as post nasal drip. Conditions that cause post nasal drip and bad breath  How to tell if it is post nasal drip causing your bad breath  There are a few signs that will indicate whether your bad breath is caused by post nasal drip: All these unfortunate situations can cause bad breath due to the build-up of foreign matter. Treatments for post nasal drip bad breath Treating post nasal drip is easier if the cause has been identified, as treatment varies depending on the cause. Gastroesophageal reflux can be relieved by: Decongestants can be helpful but should be used with caution as they may aggravate high blood pressure, heart conditions and thyroid disease. Steroid sprays can be used safely under medical supervision.  Image credit: iStock  Jemima Lewin  https://www.health24.com/Medical/Oral-health/News/bad-breath-the-problem-might-be-your-nose-20180815