MANY people spend Christmas Day with their families. But some celebrities don’t get to spend time with their loved ones because of their busy schedules. Daily Sun asked a few celebrities and politicians about their Christmas plans. He said that was his way to show gratitude for the support he had received throughout the year. “For the past 10 years, I have been spending Christmas Day with kids from different homes. We chill and eat lunch with them. We ensure there is also entertainment for the kids,” he said. “My team and I are starting this initiative because the people who live at the hospice don’t have the luxury to spend Christmas Day with their families. “This is my way of giving back to the community and putting a smile on someone else’s face. Later on I will be busy with my gigs,” he said. “It will also be a house warming. It’s important to celebrate with the ones who are close to you because they know the hard work you put in during the year,” she said. “I’m always with family because I need to spend time with them to show them they are important. I have a performance after Christmas lunch.” “I believe we should be with our families on Christmas Day to eat a nice cooked meal, indulge in nice dessert over nice conversation and be merry. “This is the second Christmas I will not be working, but spending it with family.” He said he looked forward to breathing fresh air in the village. “I will be at home with my family and villagers having a braai and drinks. One of the pleasures of being in the village is that every resident is welcome to any celebration, there’s no need for invites.” He said he looked forward to eating turkey and dumpling. “We exchange gifts and thereafter have lunch. I love turkey very much and hope it is on the menu as well as dumpling. The table will not have any alcohol, only water and soft drinks.” “They have invited me over for Christmas lunch,” she said. “I’ll head to Mpumalanga and Brits later, where I have performances.” “We will have gammon turkey, umleqwa, starch and vegetables.” She said the most important part would be opening Christmas gifts in the morning. “I can’t wait to eat seven colours like in the old days.” “We will start our day by going to church and have Christmas lunch at home. We will cook turkey, roasted lamb, vegetables and salads and end with trifle,” she said.