ENRST Middendorp is wrapping up his prized asset Khama Billiat in cotton wool! The Kaizer Chiefs coach has resolved to sacrifice his star midfielder for the Absa Premiership fixture against Bloemfontein Celtic in Durban on Saturday, looking to afford him more time to recover completely from a niggling injury. Billiat has already missed five matches this season, owing to recurring injuries. And Middendorp has revealed the Zimbabwean will be watching from the stands when the log leaders host Celtic at Moses Mabhida Stadium 8:15pm, as part of his rehabilitation. By his standard, Billiat’s stats make for poor reading. He has scored once and has provided only two assists in 11 matches. This is a great concern for Middendorp, who has expressed his frustration over Billiat’s lack of fitness. “I’ve said this in September already. I was very vocal about it in August when he went to Cosafa, to Egypt and coming back to play in the Carling Cup. “This is the result. It would have been a disaster to play him in Nelspruit (TKO semi-final). We took him out in the match against Stellenbosch. “The three, four days gave us a chance to rest him a bit. But now we have to be serious. “It’s a very clear set-up (plan) and it is not to be discussed. The player knows about it,” said Middendorp. “We have a clear strategy about it. I believe he can be prepared for the 22 December match. The medical team has made it very clear. It is 14 days on a specific programme, starting on 14 December. We will then see how it goes and make a decision for the 22 December match against Maritzburg. “He’ll then continue with treatment going into the New Year starting on the fourth of January.” Middendorp has also confirmed Itumeleng Khune has returned to training. But the veteran ‘keeper will not feature against Celtic as he is third down the pecking order. He said: “Khune is not injured. He is training. We have to make a decision about who is best prepared. For this game we have Daniel Akpeyi. Bruce Bvuma will be the second goalkeeper.”