SUNDAY WOULD’VE been the “inkabi’s” wedding day. But it didn’t work out that way for him and his fiance. READ: PABALLO'S LOVER: MY WIFE DIDN'T KILL HER! COPS SHOWED UP AND ARRESTED HIM INSTEAD! When cops arrived at the rondavel in Sundumbili, KZN early on Sunday morning, they found themselves in a shoot-out with people there. According to KZN cop spokesman Brigadier Jay Naicker, after the shoot-out, two men were arrested, but the main suspect got away. But when cops went back later in the afternoon they found the man they were looking for about to marry his fiancee! They arrested him and took four guns and bullets after recovering two firearms earlier.  Naicker said the alleged inkabi was involved in multiple taxi related murders in Mandeni and surrounding areas. “The 37-year-old suspect was arrested. He is linked to the murder of taxi owner Siyabonga Mbonambi (53), who was killed in June this year at Mandeni,” said Naicker. “The arrested suspect is also linked to other taxi-related cases in Mandeni. He will appear in the Nyoni Magistrates Court soon. “I don’t know how much he was paid for killing a taxi boss, but what we know is that he is a hitman.” The murdered taxi owner’s brother, Sibusiso Mbonambi (39), said they didn’t want to comment on the arrest. Yesterday, many residents were afraid to tell Daily Sun where the rondavel where the arrest was made was located. A brave woman gave the SunTeam directions and said she heard rumours that the man was an inkabi. “I never attended the wedding but I heard the wedding continued without the groom,” she said. “Hitmen don’t reveal their jobs.” At the homestead, people were seen occupying different rondavels while others were sitting outside drinking as if nothing had happened.  A young man pointed at a man that he said was the groom’s father. The older man was on the phone and was heard saying: “Ja kodwa yonke into ihamba kahle”, which means everything was going well. The man, the father of the groom, confirmed there was a shoot-out during his son’s wedding and he was arrested before he could tie the knot. READ: HEATWAVE THREATENS SAFETY! A gogo came and spoke to him while he was conducting the interview with the SunTeam. And then three angry men appeared. “Go before things turn ugly,” one of the men told the SunTeam. ) Naicker confirmed the first two suspects were found with two revolvers and 16 rounds of ammunition. “A further search was conducted and an additional six firearms where seized by police,” he said. The two suspects, aged 24 and 29, are expected to appear in the Nyoni Magistrates Court,” said Naicker.