PUBLIC Protector,
Busisiwe Mkhwebane, has exonerated former parliament speaker, Baleka Mbete, of
allegations that she was bribed by Invictus Gold, a consortium of mining
company Goldfields. Mkhwebane was briefing
the media on various reports that her office has concluded investigating
yesterday (Thursday). Amongst the people that
have been cleared of corruption were the former minister of Communication,
Faith Muthambi, of allegedly politically interfering with the affairs at public
broadcaster SABC while she was the minister. “We have closed several
investigations on the grounds that allegations that triggered them were all
unsubstantiated. “We have prepared closing
reports to mark the end of these matters,” said Mkhwebane Mkhwebane said
investigations into the following matters; Vrede Dairy Project, VBS Kusile
& Medupi IPP, the Giyani Water Project and others were at an advanced stage
but have not been completed. “There is also a pending
investigation on the role of SA Reserve Bank in the whole VBS saga. “We are experiencing
challenges with this one because SARB seems to believe that we do not have
jurisdiction over it,” she said. Some of the
investigations she released were allegations of irregular payment of pension
fund benefits by Government Pensions Administration Agency and Allegations of
maladministration by Council of medical Schemes relating to alleged failure by
the CMS to regulate and oversee the merger between Medicover and Liberty Health
Medical scheme. “We also investigated
allegations of abuse of power and unjustifiable spending by the City of
Johannesburg,” she said. Mkhwebane also welcomed
the decision of the North Gauteng High Court in Tshwane to dismiss with costs
the urgent application brought against her and Chief Executive Officer, Vussy
Mahlangu by former Chief Operations Officer Basani Baloyi. Judge Mmonoa Teffo ruled
that the court did not have jurisdiction to hear the matter. The court ruled that the
bulk of the allegations as pleaded by Baloyi were essentially labour disputes
as envisaged in the Labour Relations Act (LRA). “What is in essence a
labour dispute as envisaged in the LRA should not be labelled a violation of
the constitutional rights in the Bill of Rights, simply because the issues
raised could also support a conclusion that the conduct of the employer
constitutes a violations of a right entrenched in the Constitution,” Judge
Teffo ruled. Mkhwebane said the fact that
the court dismissed the application on jurisdiction means the
judge, having read the papers and listened to oral arguments,  was
not convinced that there was any merit to claims of abuse of power and abuse of
office. Had the court found there was merit to the claims, it would not have
dismissed the matter,” she said