MUMS across Mzansi received exciting presents on Christmas Day! They were showered with gifts after they welcomed their new bundles of joy. READ: WATCH: KHAYA MTHETHWA - "I HAD HUGE STRUGGLES IN MY MARRIAGE!" Mpumalanga recorded 30 births, while KZN recorded 95. Free State recorded 33 and Gauteng 168.    Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital in Diepkloof, Soweto, saw the largest number of Christmas babies at 26, followed by Charlotte Maxeke Hospital with 12. Gauteng Health MEC Dr Bandile Masuku visited Tambo Memorial Hospital in Boksburg, Ekurhuleni. He said: “I wish to commend all our health professionals for their dedication and commitment to saving lives.” City Ekurhuleni MMC for community services Nomadlozi Nkosi, together with senior city officials, visited Thelle Mogoerane Regional Hospital in Vosloorus, Far East Rand Hospital in Brakpan and Pholosong Hospital in Tsakane. Nkosi urged the mums to breastfeed their newborn babies. READ: IS THIS SHO MADJOZI'S LOOKALIKE? She said: “Remember that mother’s milk is the best. “I urge you to breastfeed these babies until they are strong enough to eat solid foods. Take them for vaccinations and remember to register their births before leaving the hospital.” Mum Lebohang Motaung (25) gave birth to a baby girl at Pholosong Hospital just after 3am. “It feels good to be a mother to a healthy and beautiful baby girl. I’m grateful to the nurses who assisted me to give birth and I appreciate the wonderful gesture from the city to welcome our babies with gifts. As for me, a baby bath tub would be very handy as I don’t have one,” she said. The first baby, a girl, was born just nine minutes into Christmas Day at Tygerberg Hospital in Bellville, Cape Town. Nkeletseng Mthakathi (28) gave birth to a baby girl named Zama at Khayelitsha Community Clinic in site B. She said although it was painful to give birth, she was happy it happened on Christmas Day. “My daughter will always have a special birthday because she shares it with Jesus Christ. It makes her special,” said Nkeletseng. Western Cape health spokesman Byron la Hoe said: “We congratulate the parents. We would also like to thank our staff members for their hard work on this special day.” By noon, the hospital had already delivered eight babies and by the end of the day, it had delivered 14 babies – eight girls and six boys.       One of the mums, Boniwe Chopo (33), said it was a blessing for her to have a baby on Christmas Day. She named her baby boy Luyolo, which means profound joy. READ: 'KING WAS VICTIMISED FOR CALLING PRESIDENT INKWENKWE'! “I’m so filled with joy and I can’t wait to take the baby home to my family,” she said. Another mum, Precious Mokgabela (31), said her baby Kgothalo was destined for greatness as she shared her birthday with Christ. “I named her Kgothalo because I want her to be determined to succeed and devote herself to everything she does so that she can prosper,” said Precious. Two babies, a boy and girl, were delivered at Steve Biko Academic Hospital. Hospital CEO Annah Maselotsha said the hospital did not expect to deliver any babies on Christmas Day, so healthcare workers were surprised when they got a call from Tshwane District Hospital that the facility would transfer two mothers due to complications. North West: A total of 94 babies were born, 43 boys and 51 girls. Gadifele Nyanto (33) was the first mum to give birth. She gave birth to a baby boy. She said she was happy her son shared a birthday with Christ. Limpopo recorded 297 births, 144 boys and 153 girls.