EFF leader Julius Malema isn’t losing any sleep over his mounting criminal charges. In the latest episode of Under the Umbrella, he tells Daily Sun: “I’m not worried. Not at all. They’ve always tried me. During the Marikana massacre, I went to Marikana and visited mining towns and all types of charges were pressed against me. “I’ve chosen to swim against the tide. I’ve chosen to confront the establishment and challenge the status quo to speak truth to power. Once you say that you must know the consequences.” He pointed to the Sars charges as some of the ways authorities had tried to silence him. “If you really have facts against me, why not take me on and lock me up in jail?” he said. Malema said his party was looking forward to its second national people’s assembly to elect new leadership and dismisses reports of factional battles. “I’ve not seen any factions. I’ve not seen any disruptions. People are engaging each other. There’s an imagined faction in the media,” he said. He poured cold water on reports the EFF’s student command structure may be disbanded, saying it was an important structure that needed to be strengthened. He said he criticised the structure in a constructive way and invited it to do some introspection. “I wouldn’t wish away the student command. They have done well so far,” he said. Malema, however, admitted it was premature to launch the student command as the party needed to grow and stabilise first. He said this explained why the party was not in a hurry to launch a women’s wing or a union aligned to it. He said there had been calls for such structures. For now, though, this had to wait. On the party’s growth, he said the biggest challenge was to launch branches across the country and have the party visible in all communities. He said he was not worried about the pace of the party’s growth, despite its popularity. “We have to work to win the heart and soul of our people. The vote will come. We will build that trust, and within a short space of time. “People have been disappointed by Cope, people have been disappointed by Agang. People don’t trust new things. “People have been disappointed by all those organisations that emerged since 1994. We’re paying the price for that,” he said.