MZANSI’s darling couple, award winning singer Khaya Mthethwa and former Miss SA Ntandoyenkosi Mthethwa have called it quits. THE two celebrated their wedding anniversary on December 2. They tied the knot in December 2017. Their divorce announcement, which was released via her Instagram account this morning, shook a lot people. Ntandoyenkosi details their life together from when they got married. The statement reads: "In Dec 2017 my husband Khaya Mthethwa and I got married and we were soon blessed with a handsome bubbly son. I had moved from home in Mpumalanga Province to join my husband in his home city Durban and raised our son as a hands on mother after resigning from my job. In the last few days my husband and I have had in depth discussions about our marriage and our young family challenges. Yesterday we met my in laws and informed them of our mutual decision for us to amicably file for divorce. I also informed my mother (having recently lost my loving dad) and the rest of my Kunene family who were disappointed with the divorce decision but appreciated the fact that I represented them well at the Mthethwa’s in the way they raised and expected from me. Today our son and I moved out of our marriage home to return home to Mpumalanga. Khaya and I were married out of community and thus each one of us shall keep our respective assets.  We are blessed with a son that we both love and will continue to do so. I will have custody of our son but at all times his father shall have unrestricted access so that he can play his fatherly role as I raise him. I have decided not to ask the court for child maintenance as I believe Khaya as a father and I as a mother have a duty towards the welfare of our son and to educate and raise him up to become a respectful, ambitious and importantly a responsible boy then a man that we shall be proud of. I strongly believe No Court should have to force a parent to help raise his or her loving and innocent child. On behalf of Khaya and, we request you to respect our privacy as we go through this difficult process. We know and appreciate your love and concerns about us, but do know that we are fine and this decision is in the best interest of both of us. We agreed to handle our divorce amicably, with mutual respect and no contest. Khaya and I will remain friends. NB: We shall not be commenting on the divorce or our marriage and family. We thank you for your understanding and respecting our privacy and more importantly to protect our son . God Bless you all, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. With utmost Luv.”