ALTHOUGH the PSL will take a break in the coming weeks, soccer lovers across townships should not despair as there will be no lack of entertainment. The festive season is the time when kasi tournaments, such as the La Liga KwaMahlobo Festive Games, take centre stage to satisfy the appetite of many football fanatics. And this year’s edition of the famous annual games promises to live up to the high standard that has been set in the last 22 years that the tournament has been running. All the fun begins on Thursdays, 19 December, at the KwaMahlobo High School Grounds in Meadowlands zone 10 in Soweto, with defending champions Mathaithai hoping to stop the other 39 teams from taking their crown. The tournament has helped launch the careers of players such as Highlands Park’s Reneilwe Letsholonyane and Orlando Pirates duo – Xola Mlambo and Zakhele Lepasa – among others. Letsholonyane, who is an ambassador for the tournament these days, said he hopes to see more talent discovered at this year’s edition. “The fact that this tournament constantly produces players who go on to play in the PSL, means that there’s something that they are doing right,” he said. “However, whether it’s enough players or not, that can be debated but personally, I’m happy that this tournament helps unearth some talent and may that continue. “It’s important to have such tournaments. There’s a lot of players around who are just waiting for the opportunity to be identified. These tournaments ensure that these youngsters have a chance to be scouted.” Antonio Baredas, the outgoing director of tournament sponsor La Liga in Africa, said their aim was to one day have one of the players from the tournament plying their trade in the Spanish league. “We would love to do more projects like this. This will stay as a legacy, it will be remembered for a long time. “It’s beautiful to have games like this one, especially over the festive season. We bring families together and help contribute to the society in a positive way. “I hope we get a star out of Soweto. I would do anything to have a youngster from this township playing in one of the biggest league in the world, which is La Liga. “I believe we can achieve that one day.”