BLACK Leopards are preying on another KwaZulu-Natal side. Just last week Leopards mauled Golden Arrows 2-1 at their Thohoyandou fortress and are hoping to use the same sharp tooth to feast on the limping AmaZulu who have not won in three outings. Despite all the controversy and uncertainties in their enclosure, Leopards coach Luc Eymael has indicated that he is determined to end the year within the top eight bracket. And victory against AmaZulu could well bring them closer to their 2019 goal – the top eight. The two warring sides, who last met in May when they played to a 1-1 draw, are scheduled to engage in a clash that could be classified like the popular Musangwe fight – an old traditional Venda fist fight dating nearly 200-years. And the fortress for this Absa Premiership clash is obviously the Thohoyandou Stadium on Sunday at 3.30pm. Leopards veteran midfielder Robert Ngambi is optimistic they will leave AmaZulu bruised and battered after 90-minutes in their quest to enter the promised land. “Last week’s win was a huge confidence booster,” said Ngambi, who has been in a form of his life, alongside leading goals scorer Lesedi Kapinga – who has four goals, so far. “We have to win our home games. We have our fans rallying behind us at all times at home and we cannot afford to disappoint them.” But he threw a word of caution to his teammates not to underestimate Jozef Vukusic’s lads. “AmaZulu might be struggling a little bit, but they are a tricky team. We need to be at our best and take them seriously,” he added. He has singled out AmaZulu striker Bongi Ntuli as the player to watch having scored seven goals this season. With seven Ntuli is one goal adrift of joint leaders Peter Shalulile (Highlands Park) and Knox Mutizwa (Golden Arrows) in the overall goal scoring chart. Vukusic admitted that Ntuli remains their trump card having scored all their goals, so far this season. The Durban-based outfit are in desperate need of someone to help them as they lie second bottom on the log with 12 points from 13 league matches – one point ahead of bottom placed Chippa United. Returnee Lehlohonolo Majoro has yet to convince at Usuthu and it is not that he is not playing, but his confidence is just low. New Zealand striker Andre De Jong, who was signed during the off-season from Eastern Suburb FC where he scored 17 goals in 20 appearances last season, is yet to adjust to the rigorous PSL. He’s currently out with a foot injury he suffered while on international duty during the recent Fifa international week. Vukusic is looking at grabbing a point out of Leopards. “I’m not a mathematician,” he argued. “I cannot talk about targets, we must first play. Of course we want to collect points and it will be a fight against a quality team.” Defeat for Usuthu and a victory for Chippa United against Cape Town City at Athlone Stadium tomorrow night (6pm), will see Vukusic’s team drop to the bottom. Leopards on the other hand are ninth on the log only three points ahead of AmaZulu from 12 matches.