Whose 4-5 is bigger? This penis size comparison among men has been going on since the caveman days. But did you know that the size debate also extends to women in the form of their clitorises? Yes, the 'bean'. Because most people envisage the bean to be a perky, cute ornament on a woman's vagina, some have been shocked to encounter beans that are larger than what is considered normal. Some women have an enlarged clitorises that leave them feeling shameful and embarrassed. *Dineo, who refused to give her full name because of the stigma, says that she has an enlarged clitoris that has caused her problems in the bedroom in the past. "My clitoris sticks out. I'm lucky now to have found a man who does not mind it, but for the men I got intimate with previously, it was a turn off. They would stare at it in shock and disbelief and one ex asked if I had both private parts, a penis and vagina. I was devastated." Dineo says that the body shaming would even extend to women. "There were times when I showered with other females and they would stare. I was even once asked if I underwent female circumcision to enlarge it." Despite this, Dineo says she enjoys a normal sex life and that her enlarged clitoris has never given her problems medically or sexually. Gynaecologist Dr Mpume Zenda says that an enlarged clitoris is nothing to be ashamed of. "The clitoris is the female penis, as it has the same tissue, vessels and glands that the penis has. People think that the 'bean' we see on top is the clitoris, while it is just a cap. A woman's clitoris extends further underneath. So some women's clitorises peak out a bit more than others, and that is perfectly normal." Zenda says that the causes of an enlarged clitoris vary between genetics and the use of steroids, the latter which she strongly cautions against. She adds that women with an enlarged clitoris should firstly have it checked out to rule out any medical anomalies, but that if everything checks out, they should actually be happier. "They get to enjoy much more pleasurable sex, and are more prone to orgasm. I say the bigger the better!" she says.