THE EFF has announced a smooth registration of delegates as its second National People’s Assembly got into gear this afternoon. Party secretary general Godrich Gardee told reporters at the assembly venue at Nasrec in Joburg that 2800 of the 3800 has already been accredited at University of Joburg Soweto Campus by the afternoon. Gardee said they expect to complete accreditation of delegates by 6pm with 61 buses out of 76 buses out of Gauteng already arrived by this afternoon. Party leader commander in chief Julius Malema is expected to register sometimes this afternoon. Treasurer general Leigh-Ann Mathys said the conference so far has cost the party around R32 million with the figure expected to rise as the gathering sits for the next three days. “We have not done the final tally yet but at last count the figure was at R32 million. Transport is very expensive and also we have given our members VIP treatment. The assembly was completely funded by the party there was no VBS money involved. “You must remember our representation in parliament has doubled and so are the funds and from IEC (Independent Electoral Commission) and we have managed our funds well,” she said answering to questions on the sponsors of the assembly. Gardee said the assembly will also deal with the issue of expelled members who have written to them asking for their membership to be reviewed. “The organizational report will allude to that. As a matter of fact I am aware of a number of letters we have received that will be dealt with and tabled. They may present their cases to the NPA for appeal and review,” he said. On media accreditation, Gardee said they appreciate the co-operation of media houses and were sorry that they could not accommodate all the 650 applications journalists who had applied to cover the assembly. “It was practically impossible to accommodate all those journalists and we have had to engage media houses to ask them to cut down their crews,” he said. He did however say some media houses had been banned from covering party events as they have defined outside “media” and had to live with consequences. “We do have the right of association and disassociation,” he said, reming journalists they had in the past banned Gupta owned media house from covering their events. Gardee said they were expecting a number of guests from within the continent with countries such as Namibia, Ghana and Zimbabwe having confirmed. He said a number of embassies have also confirmed or made inquiries. The assembly is expected to get underway tomorrow with an opening address Malema. The organizational report will also be presented to the delegates. Malema is expected to be re-elected unopposed but the same cannot be said about his deputy Floyd Shivambu who could be challenged. Gardee also is expected to be challenged by MP Marshall Dlamini who is also head of the organizational team. All nine provinces will be represented at the assembly with Limpopo having the highest number of delegates at 596, Gauteng with 536, KZN 532, Eastern Cape 432, Mpumalanga 428, North West 388, Free State 236, Western Cape 196 and the least represented will be Northen Cape 156.