SEVEN family members imcluding two minor children who were killed and burnt beyond recognition in a tragic car accident in September this year when their Toyota Corolla they were travelling in was involved in a multiple car crash in Pretoria, have finally been buried. They were laid to rest today (Saturday 14 December 2019) in their home village of Ga-Setshaba, Moretji, Limpopo. They are buried three months later since the accident happened after their DNA results were released last week. The deadly crash happened on the 27th of September on the N1 between the Petroport garage and Wallmansthal in Pretoria. READ: FAMILY STILL WAITING TO BURY 7 RELATIVES! Adam Matloa (50) was travelling with his children Davies  (29 and John (21), his niece Eunice Mothoa (36), her 9-day-old newborn baby Reyaleboga Mothoa her grand-daughter, Reatlegile Mothoa (9 months old) and Gopolang Mabasa (13). They were traveling from Tembisa in Gauteng to visit their family back home in Limpopo when the horrific accident happens. Uncle in the family David Manaka said they believe that it was a time for their family members to depart from this earth and what is heart for them to accept is the nature of their death. "We know God isn't to be asked questions but he could have saved their bodies from burning. It so painful to see their bodies in this manner. It's a relief that we have laid them to rest although our Christmas celebration will never be the same without them." Mnaka said. MEC Dickson Masemola for the Department of Transport and Community Safety in Limpopo said it is painful that most deceased were still young and still had their role to play in their family and in the society. "We are here to share the pain of death with the family. As the government we are saying sorry to the family and let God make them strong to stand in this difficult situation." "It's our wish to prevent the deadly accident on our Limpopo roads and its unfortunate two weeks ago we have already lost 36 lives in accidents in Limpopo, but our traffic cops are on the role to ensure that those who are misbehaving on the roads get arrested." Masemola said.