Eskom will be moving to stage 6 load shedding as from 6pm, it announced on Monday evening. "We regret and sincerely apologise that stage 4 loadshedding will move to Stage 6 loadshedding as from 18:00 today, as a result of a shortage of capacity. This follows a technical problem at Medupi Power Station impacting additional generation supply," it tweeted.  To date, load shedding has been implemented up to stage 4.
Stage 6 allows for up to 6 000MW to be shed from the national grid, about 12%
of Eskom's nominal total capacity. The announcement sent shock waves across social media, with
"Stage 6" trending within a matter of minutes. Eskom directed consumers to view load shedding schedules
online and the City of Cape Town tweeted an updated load shedding schedule. At
approximately 18:00, however, multiple municipal websites crashed, including
the City of Cape Town, the City of Tshwane and the City of Johannesburg. According to the tweeted schedule, some areas may experience
4.5 consecutive hours without power. ‘Condemned to recession' Economist Iraj Abedian tweeted that SA was now
"condemned to recession", saying: "With Eskom confirming a Stage
6 black out from today, one thing is certain: the SA economy is now condemned
to recession. Eskom too should be put into voluntary business rescue,
politicians have proved their inability to grasp the severity of the problem
facing our nation. Shame!" Interim opposition leader, the DA's John Steenhuisen
tweeted: "Stage 6 load shedding, uncharted territory, devastating for the
economy and our country, fatal for growth and jobs. Time for government to
level with South Africans about what is actually going on, I’m not buying this
wet coal story!" In an earlier power update on Monday Eskom had said that
some of its power stations had started to flood due to heavy rains. On Friday,
meanwhile, it announced that wet coal had contributed to a shortage of
capacity. In November 2019, Eskom chair Jabu Mabuza said there were at
that stage no plans to load shed until March 2020. Mabuza was speaking at the
power utility's interim results announcement. "We are not planning to load
shed. We continue to be tight," Mabuza said. The chairperson said at the time that Eskom's coal
stockpiles had improved from 36 days in March to 54 days by the end of
September. Only one station's coal stock remained below the minimum required,
compared to nine understocked stations in March, he said. In March 2018, however, Public Enterprises Minister Pravin
Gordhan had warned of the seriousness of the power supply situation, noting
that government announced that it was planning for the possibility of stage 5
and 6 load shedding. Eskom earlier announced that it would be expanding its
load shedding plan to 8 stages, allowing for up to 8 000 MW to be shed from the
national grid. Prior to that, only four stages were published that allowed for
up to 4 000 MW of the national load to be shed.  