T ODAY is World Aids Day. There’s a lot of education around the disease, yet it still claims many lives. This day is meant to raise awareness about this disease and also recognises global efforts to prevent new infections. According to Professor Theresa Rossouw, Mzansi has made significant strides in the management of HIV – new infections are down by 36% since 2010 – but a lot still needs to be done. “Along with addressingsocio-economic factors, gender-based violence and the low status of women, there should also be continued focus on prevention strategies, HIV testing among key populations and the long-term treatment of the millions of infected people in the country.” Professor Rossouw said the largest proportion of new infections occurs among women. Adolescent girls and young women aged between 15 and 24 are particularly at risk – this group is four times more likely to be infected than men of similar age and accounted for 37% of all sexually-acquired HIV cases in Mzansi in 2016. “Reasons for the high infection rate among women speak to the role and perception of women in society, the commodification of sex, stigma, poverty and gender-based violence,” she said. “The most recent Demographic Health Survey in SA reported that one in four women aged 18 and older, and has a partner, has experienced physical, sexual or emotional violence in a relationship.” This is particularly worrying, as women who have experienced violence are up to three times more likely to contract HIV than those who have not. Speaking to SunBuzz, Vusi Hlatshwayo said Aids is scary but manageable as long as it is detected and treated early. Said Vusi: “There’s a certain way people view the disease and find coping mechanisms. World Aids Day is a day when most people go test and celebrate that they do have the disease while there’re those who are raped and got infected.” He said many people infect others because they believe they weren’t born with the disease, so they didn’t ask for it. “As much as the disease is publicised there’re many psychological issues that contribute to how people behave when they have the disease. “The focus should be on changing how people who are affected behave around those who are infected, which doesn’t help much. “Let’s focus on what the disease does to someone who wasn’t sexually active when they were affected.” Sibongile Khumalo said World Aids Day to her is more like “World Profit Day” because there are organisations that make money, instead of helping and educating people living with the disease. “I don’t pay much attention to this day because someone profits a lot from it. It’s not about infected people. “As a nation, we’re scared of the disease because we’ve seen what it does to our loved ones. That’s enough education for us,” she said.