SHE would get drunk and assault her elderly parents and she did all of this because she wanted their grant money! But the family never thought one of their daughters would one day resort to murder. They were shocked when the 38-year-old woman and a relative beat up her father and hacked him to death with a panga. The family said the single mum of four was angry that her father John Ngoveni  (67), couldn't collect his grant on Friday as the queues were too long. The woman’s mum, Christinah Mashele (61), said she’d never forgive her daughter for the pain she caused the family. “She’d demand she be given a share of our grant money every Sassa pay day, saying her dad never took care of her. When he refused she’d insult and assault me and her dad.” She claimed her daughter sometimes took the money forcibly and used it to buy alcohol or gambled it away playing cards. The gruesome incident has left the community of Olifantshoek, near Giyani in Limpopo, reeling from shock. John’s sister Anna (63) told Daily Sun they begged him countless times to kick the daughter out, but he wouldn’t because he loved her. “She brutally killed my brother for his old age grant. What she’s done has caused so much pain and her action has divided the family,” said Anna. “John didn’t collect his pension because there were long queues and this angered my niece, who then killed him.” Anna claimed her niece assaulted John many times, but they never thought she’d kill him. “A neighbour heard a noise at about midnight when my brother cried for help, but they couldn’t access the house as the gate was locked,” she said. Neighbours alerted her as she lives a few kilometres away. “I found my brother in a pool of blood. He had nine deep wounds,” she said. Anna told the SunTeam she stopped a private mortuary from collecting her brother’s body and instead called the police. “Police found a panga and hammer. My niece confessed she killed my brother because he refused to give her grant money. “My brother’s wife was in Gauteng to check on their house in Tembisa, Ekurhuleni.” The daughter was bust. According to Anna, she was a troubled, drunken child who often assaulted her parents. “She accused my brother of not taking care of her when he worked in Joburg, but that’s not true because he always came home with his wife to check on the kids and buy them groceries,” said Anna. She said the family did advise John and Christinah to open cases of assault each time she assaulted them, but John would refuse, saying he couldn’t send his own daughter to jail. “We even suggested she and her four kids move out and get a stand, but her parents where too scared to tell her,” she said. Limpopo police spokesman Colonel Moatshe Ngoepe said the suspect was due to appear in the Hlanganani Magistrates Court for a formal bail hearing today.