THE mood was sombre, the air was thick with grief and beer was flowing as family, friends and neighbours mourned the passing of Mduduzi Mpukane (30). His funeral was held at his home in Ekangala, in Tshwane on Saturday. Mduduzi was hacked with an axe last Saturday near his home. His family said they have lost a breadwinner and a friend to most of the people in the community. Mourners came in numbers to bid farewell to the fallen man. During the service, his coffin was put on the floor while mourners looked at him and said their goodbyes one at a time. Some were standing at a corner drinking their sorrows away. One of the mourners said Mduduzi was naughty but he didn’t deserve to die that way. “I don’t know if you are happy about what they did to you. “I don’t know if it was your time or what. “Some people say you were troublesome but you were good to me. “You always complimented me,” she said. She said Mduduzi’s last days were the best. “I don’t know why they took your chance of meeting your unborn child. “Now we are only going to show him your pictures,” she said. The mourners said whoever killed him will also die. “Their time is coming, they will also die cruel like their killed our brother,” they said. Mduduzi’s sister Nomthandazo Skosana (21) said his brother was fine before he died. “I bumped into him on the street and a few minutes later I was told that he was taken to the clinic,” she said. She said his death was not taken well. “We don’t have parents and he was our older brother. He left us and now we are scared that we will suffer,” she said. Mduduzi’s body was taken to the cemetery and on the way, mourners were dancing with his coffin, singing his favourite hymns and struggle songs while some of them were having beers. Sangoma, Mavuthuza Nkomo said what happened was wrong. "Viewing of a corpse is supposed to be a private sacred thing. Young children are not supposed to do it and it has to be done in a dignified way," he said. Nkomo said the dead have to be respected in spite of what they did when they were still alive.