In his affidavit he alleged Mkhwebane instructed him to insert a recommendation to alter the Reserve Bank’s mandate in her so-called CIEX report. The affidavit was submitted to the speaker of Parliament and to the Presidency on 13 December. The affidavit states State Security Agency official Maiendra Moodley handed the recommendation to Mkhwebane during a meeting attended by Kekana in 2017. Kekana’s affidavit claims that during Mkhwebane’s investigation of the Gupta-linked Vrede Dairy farm scandal, he and other investigators were instructed to remove information implicating politicians in wrongdoing and to ignore information contained in GuptaLeaks. Mkhwebane refused to respond to questions last week referring to a brief statement in which she described the allegations as misinformation and lies peddled by angry former and suspended employees. Revelations by Kekana suggest Mkhwebane had been engaged in a strategy to discredit and silence staff who could potentially provide evidence against her. Kekana denied any wrongdoing and was still fighting his suspension. Kekana worked on probes Mkhwebane identified as matters she’d personally oversee. It was in this capacity that he worked on the CIEX and Vrede dairy reports. He was transferred to the provincial investigations and integration unit in December 2017. “In the course of my employment within the office of the public protector, I witnessed and acquired knowledge of several troubling instances of improper conduct by Advocate Mkhwebane herself,” Kekana said. His disciplinary is expected to get under way next month. After the publication of the article, Mkhwebane said via Twitter: “@ news24 You write stories about PP almost daily which have nothing to do with the mandate of PPSA. “All what you published was ventilated in the minority judgment of Concourt. And your whistleblower signed a confirmatory affidavit thereto. Our country is faced with social ills affecting many people which perhaps you can assist SA to tackle. – NEWS24