He is dubbed as one the best soccer commentators that Mzansi has ever produced, boasting entertaining theatrics keeping football fanatics glued to their screens. The SunTeam took some time out to learn more about SuperSport commentator Reggie Ndlovu, exploring a man behind the fame and prominence. Where were to born? I was born in Soweto (Bara Hospital), spent the first 5 years of my life in Soweto (Mofolo Central) then we moved to KZN Nquthu, Ngwebini What are you fondest memories of your childhood? Honestly, growing up in a struggling family that was lead by a single mother, my fondest memory was seeing her smiling even though it was tough. Where did you attend your schooling ? I attended school at Dundee Primary school, Casino Primary school, Ngwebini Primary school, Ndlelanhle Combined school, Langazela High School, Ekucabangeni high school and Mzamo High School(Newcastle) What was your favourite subject ? My favourite subject was Travel and Tourism as well as Drama. What did you study in tertiary? I studied Television, Drama and Production at the Durban University of Technology. How did your love for football start ? I was born a soccer player so that's where it all started, I was inspired by Jabu Pule (Mahlangu) and I was always given Jersey number 11 hence the name mapensela 11. Did you ever play ? A lot and I still do. I played at the Durban University of Technology and I also played at Monash University. When and how did you discover that you wanted to be a commentator? I grew up listening to ukhozi fm and I would imitate the legendary bab' Joe Hudla, when I was introduced to television commentary I started listening to the Legendary bab' Zama Masondo and when I discovered the voice that kept on saying "hooootttaaaaaatttaaaa baaaaannnaaa" (Baba Mthethwa) that's when I knew that one day I will do this for a living. When was your first break? My first break was behind the scenes on Muvhango in 2012, I was given an opportunity by Dr Duma ka Ndlovu and I worked as an Assistant director, continuity standby and a floor manager. That's where I learned how to direct. From there I started pushing my acting career with roles from Rhythm City, Ingozi, INumber Number, generations and other shows... I also directed a kids show called Rivoningo that aired on sabc 2 every morning and a short film in Botswana called The Birthday. Do you have kids? I have a beautiful daughter who will be starting high school next year, Luyanda Mandisa Ndlovu. (12) What advise would give to them or anybody else that wants to be a commentator? They must go to school and study something far from the entertainment industry as a backup because commentery is a God given talent and there's no school for it so they should always be up to date with sports and know the history of sports. 