Former Lily Mine workers forcefully entered the collapsed mine despite being blocked by the mine's security on Friday morning. The workers, who have been camping outside the mine's premises since April, are on a mission to retrieve the bodies of the three trapped workers. Pretty Nkambule, Solomon Nyirenda and Yvonne Mnisi are still trapped underground after the container they were working in collapsed three years ago. Since then the families, locals and the workers have been camping outside the mine's premises calling for the government to help them recover the container. Former Lily Mine workers forcefully entered the collapsing mine despite being blocked by the mine's security on Friday morning. The workers, who have been camping outside the mine's premises since April, are on a mission to retrieve the bodies of the three trapped workers. pic.twitter.com/ZsH0yPxU1l  According to the former workers representative, Harry Mazibuko, they decided to proceed underground since there is no solution from the government and the mine. "We are taking it upon ourselves to continue. This is not only for today, it will be an ongoing process," he said. Mazibuko said they are encouraged by the fact that there are illegal miners in the community who have told them that they have seen the container underground.  "We know what is happening underground, we are going to take one step at a time in terms of the machinery because it's going to be a project of many phases," he said. In May this year, the workers attempted to go underground but failed. They told Daily Sun that they experienced challenges of flooding. 2/ Former Lily Mine workers forcefully entered the collapsing mine despite being blocked by the mine's security on Friday morning.The workers, who have been camping outside the mine's premises since April, are on a mission to retrieve the bodies of the three trapped workers. pic.twitter.com/HQyz53kxzq  Sfiso Mabuza (25), who went underground this morning, said everything is stable underground and if they can get the right equipment they will be able to retrieve the container. "We are going to go back again and get our people. We have taken the law upon ourselves, nothing will stop us and if it means that we die let it be," he said.    