THE family of the late gospel singer and Pastor Neyi Zimu said they still had hope on Tuesday that he could still beat the disease. The 49-year-old, who has been battling a rare skin cancer called mycosis fungoides was however pronounced dead at Busamed Modderfontein Private Hospital in Joburg on Wednesday. READ: #RIPNEYIZIMU: GOSPEL SINGER PASSES ON! Speaking to Daily Sun, his brother Silas said Neyi was responding well to chemotherapy until Wednesday.    “The cancer was said to have been cleared but he unfortunately had side effects from the chemo. He was fine and we were even making plans for Christmas but on Wednesday, something happened and I don’t know what it is.” After the news of Neyi’s death broke yesterday morning, messages of condolences started flooding in from fans and colleagues. Award-winning gospel artist Dr Tumi said his death was unexpected. “On Wednesday, I spoke to his wife and she said he was doing better. “Sadly, I woke up to the call the next day that he had passed,” he said. READ: TWEEPS REACT TO SKEEM SAAM AND UZALO CROSSOVER! “Neyi was an amazing soul. We met 12 years ago and got closer over the past two years. He was the life of the party and a funny guy.” Radio presenter and Real Housewives of Joburg star Lethabo Mathatho couldn’t hold back her emotions. “I knew him personally and he was like a brother to me. We had planned to do something together. “One thing I will always cherish is his encouragement as he always believed things would be okay,” she said. Spirit of Praise singer Takie Ndou said Neyi was a very funny person and was always making jokes backstage. “We shall meet him again soon. My condolences to his wife and kids.” Dumi Mkokstad, also of Spirit of Praise, said he was shattered by the news. “His wife is strong and I pray she remains strong. I ask Mzansi to pray for her.” According to the Cancer Association of South Africa, mycosis fungoides mostly occurs in people over 20 and is more common in men than women. The exact cause is not known.