T
 he festive season comes with a high risk of car accidents. So, it’s important that we drive safely and follow the rules of the road. But if one is unfortunately involved in a car accident and, thereafter, wants to pursue a claim from the Road Accident Fund (RAF), Kirstie Haslam has some advice. A tout is a person who makes insistent attempts to sell a service to a person who has been injured in an accident. This involves unethical gathering of information without the accident victim’s knowledge or consent. While in hospital, or being assisted by medical professionals following an accident, there’s sometimes a stranger who’ll try and convince you to let them assist you with claiming from the RAF. This person is a tout. In the legal profession, touting is unethical and may be illegal. The law societies prohibit touting. According to Kirstie, under the new Legal Practice Act, the code of conduct for attorneys stipulates they may not buy instructions from, or directly or indirectly reward, or give other consideration to, a “third party” (tout). How to identify touts in Mzansi hospitals. Kirstie describes their behaviour below. This includes tow-truck drivers, first responders and even police officers. Kirstie said touts typically hang around accident scenes and emergency rooms. They pressure individuals into contacting legal services. Often, their goal is to secure clients who will make claims against the RAF. A tout may also attempt to solicit details about an accident, or collect that information without your consent. Kirstie warns that a law firm or independent practitioner, who has to resort to unethical methods to secure clients isn’t the kind of party you want handling your personal injury claim. These may be law firms or practitioners that later disappear once the RAF has paid out your claim to them. Below are Kirstie’s guidelines on what to do if a stranger approaches you to offer legal services in a hospital or at an accident scene. When considering making a claim with the RAF, it’s best to either approach a reputable law firm, or the RAF’s Hospital Service Centres (situated in most provincial hospitals), customer service centres or regional offices (details of which are available on the RAF website: www.raf.co.za). Alternatively, call the RAF Call Centre on 0860 23 55 23. Don’t risk dealing with a disreputable individual or firm. Kirstie said you should wait until you have a clear head. “Then, contact a reputable firm of personal injury attorneys yourself as this is the best way to avoid scams.”