CAN history repeat itself? Maritzburg United certainly hope so as they face Kaizer Chiefs in their Premiership duel. The two sides meet at Harry Gwala Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm), in what could easily be termed a sequel. The Team of Choice caused the biggest cup upset this season when they dumped Amakhosi out of the TKO Cup last month. And the pain still rankles for the Glamour Boys, compounded by the viral images of rivals Mamelodi Sundowns lifting their first cup of the season in Durban last week. Will Amakhosi make Maritzburg suffer or will the latter prove their win was no fluke? “We have got to work hard, no matter what. It is not a matter of suffering,” said Maritzburg coach Eric Tinkler. “What we do know is that we beat them in the Knockout Cup and that we are capable of beating them again. “Having said that, though, we are facing a team that is doing very well in the league. So they’ll come hungrier to try and get a result.” Chiefs have been in incredible form in the league, going as many as eight games without dropping a point, the first side this season to do. They are perched comfortably at the top of the standing on 34 points from 13 games. The last time they lost a league match was against Polokwane City in September at home, but there haven’t been any lapses since then. For Maritzburg to counter Chiefs, they are likely to line up in the 3-5-2 formation, same they used in Mbombela. It’s also the formation they applied when they lost to Sundowns in the TKO final. Miguel Timm is likely to be flanked in the midfield by Bandile Shandu/Dylon Claasen and Keagan Buchanan. Out wide wingbacks are Kwanda Mngonyama and Mxolisi Kunene. Assassin Judas Moseamedi, who scored twice against Chiefs, will lead the line supported by either Shandu or Claasen. “We have dealt with them and it will be about applying the principles,” added Tinkler. “We defended well on the set pieces, we defended well with the log balls and that needs to be applied again. We have been very good the whole season and mostly in defending set-plays.” The last time Maritzburg beat Chiefs in the league was on 11 March 2015, when Zim defender Khumbulani Banda headed.