“HOW to lose weight in three days” and “how to lose belly fat” were some of the searches on Google in Mzansi this year. Although this year’s trending Google searches show Mzansi citizens take a keen interest in world affairs and people around them, it also shows well-being means a lot too. Knowledge around the two subjects provides unique insights into how to take care of our bodies. Although we’re not sure if you can really lose belly fat in three days, we know that, with discipline, attitude and commitment, there are exercises that can help you break down that belly rubber. Mike Jackson, a nutritional consultant at www.esupplements.com, suggests the following exercises: Running or walking As you exercise, calories are burnt and your body fat percentage decreases. Exercising doesn’t only help you lose belly fat – it also helps you to shed fat from other areas. Running and walking are two of the best fat-burning exercises. Elliptical trainer Jogging is out of the question and walking doesn’t cut it. The good news is that elliptical trainers provide an intense, low-impact cardio workout. That’s about as many calories as running burns, but without the joint wear-and-tear. Bicycling Bicycling is another great low-impact cardio exercise. It’s also a great way to travel or see the countryside. Depending on the speed and intensity, the average person can burn between 250 to 500 calories during a 30-minute bike ride. The bicycle exercise Burning body and belly fat with cardio exercises is half the battle. Next is strengthening abdominal muscles so you have something to show once the fat is shed. The Captain’s chair leg raise For this exercise, you need a captain’s chair, which is found in most gyms. The chair has a padded back and arm rests with grips. Your legs hang free. Exercise ball crunch This exercise needs a lot of stabilisation, which engages more muscles. You’ll need an exercise ball. Vertical leg crunch The vertical leg crunch is similar to a regular crunch. But it requires you to keep your legs straight, which makes the abs work harder and increases the workout’s intensity. Reverse crunch The reverse crunch was also ranked above regular crunches as the fifth best exercise for strengthening the body’s core muscles.