HERMAN Mashaba worked hard to get the life he always dreamed of – and today the man who once lived in a child-headed household is worth R100 million. Bra Herman spoke to the SunTeam on the patio of his home in Sandton, overlooking the garden. He said he grew up in GaRamotse, Hammanskraal. He was raised by his two sisters because his mum was working in Jozi as a domestic helper. READ: GOBELA: I GIVE PASTORS POWERS! “My father died when I was only two, so we moved from one house to the next,” he said. “My sisters did a wonderful job taking care of the family in tough circumstances.” The young Herman completed his matric but couldn’t further his studies. “I wanted to study law but studied a BA in administration instead. I left because of political unrest and the dust settled after two months, but I decided I wouldn’t go back,” he said. He worked at Spar and then at a hair care business, where he became the top salesman. “I bought myself a car, resigned and started Black Like Me.” He said the best thing he ever did was to marry his wife, Connie, 38 years ago. “In those days if you weren’t a ladies man, you weren’t taken seriously but Connie saved me from myself,” he said. Connie held the family together and took over the businesses while he focused on his political dream. “My children, Khensani and Rhulani, know they are privileged but I have instilled in them the idea that if you want something, you have to work hard for it,” he said. He said he loved relaxing over a glass of whisky while playing piano. “I’ve never had any training, but this is my escape. I lock myself in here and just play whatever I feel like,” he said. “I love jazz and RnB. My favourite South African artist is Hugh Masekela. I still jam to his music to this day.” READ: WE POKE FOR NYAOPE! Bra Herman confessed he was never a good chef, but he made a mean breakfast with tinned fish, scrambled eggs and atchar on the side. He published his autobiography, Black like You in 2012 and Capitalist Crusader: Fighting Poverty Through Economic Growth in 2015. “I believe we can do better as a country. But it all starts with a strong individual who is disciplined enough to stand for what they believe in. Then they must instil the resilience in our families to create strong foundations that can’t be shaken easily,” he said. “Nothing comes easy. You can only take out what you put in.” Watch videos below:       