Surrounded by the hustle and bustle of Johannesburg traffic, this hidden gem is intimately tucked away next to the newly renovated Fourways Mall. Altitude Beach is set to be Joburg’s hottest premium water-front dining and lifestyle venue this side of the equator. Altitude Beach in Fourways has brought the ocean feel, with multiple layers to Jozi patrons envious of the beach front. Friday afternoon views from our Sky Villa @malfyginsa ??? Happy Friday ???? #AltitudeBeach A post shared by  Altitude Beach (@altitudebeach) on Nov 15, 2019 at 6:39am PST  THE FOODThe fine dining offering features a delectable modern menu set to serve over 800 people either in a corporate or party environment. This includes a sophisticated, state-of-the-art, stand-alone Sushi / Oyster bar.  A little pre-opening tasting ?? Limited availability for the opening weekend, get involved. altitudebeach.co.za ?? A post shared by  Altitude Beach (@altitudebeach) on Oct 30, 2019 at 7:25am PDT  DRINKSAn endless selection of Premium drinks and luxury cocktails will be available from their world-class bartenders and mixologists at the various bars throughout the venue. Levels. @altitudebeach brings the ultimate chill ?? to JHB this Summer ???? A post shared by  Altitude Beach (@altitudebeach) on Oct 22, 2019 at 8:58am PDT  RELAXATIONThe ‘Owner ‘s Pit’ situated at the centre of the venue offers a supreme VIP experience while several sunbeds will be strategically placed in the various zones throughout the venue. Nothing better to do on a Sunday ???? #AltitudeBeach A post shared by  Altitude Beach (@altitudebeach) on Nov 10, 2019 at 1:31am PST  THE MUSICAfter dark The Altitude Beach Club really comes alive with music by some of SA’s finest DJ’s and artists on specific parties nights. Lunchtime sessions offer a vibrant mix of slow house music and old classics. Last night was all about @realblackcoffee @weareainaj #AfricaIsNotAJungle ??????? ?? @realblackcoffee A post shared by  Altitude Beach (@altitudebeach) on Nov 11, 2019 at 12:44am PST  