THE festive season is upon us. It officially started on Friday with all the construction companies, manufacturing factories and mining houses closing shop for the holidays. The official ukugoduka during the festive, which is a lot like the frantic wildebeest migration in the Masai Mara, to our rural homesteads started this weekend. This is also an ideal time to touch base and reconnect with family and relatives who’ve been enslaved by Babylon for the year. And due to the high transport costs, they haven’t had decent time to spend with loved ones throughout the year. Unless you want to feature on Khumbul’ekhaya when you’re a madala or gogo, everyone who cares for their families is going home. The hallowed festive season also comes with many impromptu braais, imicimbi, get-togethers and Christmas Day lunch celebrations. I can’t wait to meet my favourite characters in the family. You know, people most of us refer to as adding more spice to our families than the ingredients of the glorified Sunday lunch, affectionately named the “seven colours” ekasi. In big-clan get-togethers, we have relatives I’ve termed “the s’khaftini looters”. This is usually an aunt and her kids, who come with “Tupperware” containers, so they can take “extra food” home. They usually carry around empty ice cream tubs to offload their relatives of “yummy food”. Sometimes, this crew is the reason people fight over food during big-clan gatherings. There’re those sneaky aunts who usually make sure they dish up the best chicken pieces and beef stew in s’khaftins for their families to enjoy the “doggie bags” later. We also know there’re certain family members, and this usually includes useless uncles, who unashamedly attend these family gatherings without contributing their share of money to buy food and drinks. They sometimes shamelessly bring dates to the gatherings and have friends on speed-dial to join the event when they see there’s plenty to go around. Their modus operandi is pleading poverty, or charming their way out of having to contribute to the event. Since family gatherings don’t have a cover price at the door, these uncles get away with their sly behaviour. And who can forget the drama caused by delinquent relatives, who turn imicimbi into serious family meetings to solve their problems – and spoil the fun for the rest of the clan? What about that errant cousin who, because the family has congregated in one place, will gather everyone to discuss that one issue or the other? But my favourite types are the don’t-care aunts or uncles everyone loves to bits because they’re the life and soul of umcimbi. They’re full of jokes, have nicknames for everyone and dance the night away.