GQOM queen Babes Wodumo’s once bright star is seemingly fading. She was booted off stage by festival-goers who had no interest in being audience to her performance. The Hololo hitmaker (real name Bongekile Simelane) and her bae, Mandla “Mampintsha” Maphumulo, were part of the line-up of the Goduka Music Festival. But fans at the maskandi festival that took place at King Zwelithini Stadium in KZN last week made it clear they didn’t want the duo to perform. According to a call sheet seen by the SunTeam, Babes was to perform at 2am and Mampintsha from 2.15am to 2.30am. But when they got on stage, the crowd threw bottles and other objects at them. Event organiser, Pastor Mjosty, said things got so heated it became unsafe to allow the couple to perform. Explained Mjosty (real name Mjostan Mbhele): “Babes Wodumo and Mampintsha did arrive at the event but couldn’t perform. “This as maskandi fans were no longer interested in seeing them, so I advised them to stay backstage for their safety. “Anyhow, I’ll pay their fee.” Babes’ manager Nondumiso Simelane and Mampintsha didn’t answer their phones or respond to text messages when sought for comment. Meanwhile, maskandi artists Njoko and Nyonemhlophe demanded an apology from the good ol’ pastor for “disrespecting” them. Nyonemhlophe was in the middle of his performance when he was cut off and forced to leave the stage. Said Nyonemhlophe: “I’m hurt. I don’t understand why they invited me if they no longer needed my performance. I want Mjosty to know I wasn’t treated fairly at his gig.” Insisted Njoko, on the other hand: “I was scheduled to sing five songs, but only performed one. I couldn’t finish the second one as they cut off the system. “I feel disrespected and want an apology from Mjosty.” But Mjosty claimed his event was sabotaged. “I’m aware someone was acting as a DJ at the event and cutting the sound system. I don’t know who gave him permission to play DJ for artists. I’d like to apologise to the affected artists,” said Mjosty.