IT will be some time before Video Assistant Referee (VAR) system is introduced in local football. Safa are not ready for the implementation of the technology, seen widely as a solution to the refereeing crisis plaguing domestic leagues, especially the Absa Premiership. As the custodians of football in the country, Safa are in charge of referees and the responsibility to introduce VAR lies with them. However, the football governing body are not ready to roll out VAR, mainly due to cost implications. This has been revealed by Safa CEO Gay Mokoena, when quizzed on the FA’s state of readiness for the introduction of the technology-driven system. “A team within Safa is looking at the possibility of VAR. But we are still a little bit far from taking a position on whether we will be introducing it or not,” said Mokoena. “The team has done some research and I’m aware that the cost of VAR is not so nice. But we will look at all the factors, the pros and cons of VAR. I don’t know how much it will cost. They’ve told me the roll-out, for example in Brazil, is over R80 million annually.” Safa have taken a lot of flak from the football public over the shambolic officiating. The PSL haven’t been spared either, seeing as they often come under fire for the poor standard of officiating, and the punishment they mete out to critical coaches. The League, however, has already indicated a willingness to introduce VAR to the cash-flush PSL to reduce costly mistakes. PSL chairman Irvin Khoza announced recently that they were awaiting the green light from Safa to introduce VAR. The Joint Liaison Committee (Safa and PSL committee) is due to sit for talks on the matter. “One of the things we want to discuss in that meeting is the introduction of the VAR, because without the permission of Safa, we can’t have the VAR,” Khoza said. Morocco have already led the way, becoming the first African country to introduce the technology for their Botola Premier League. Safa, though, will have to make elaborate preparation for VAR, which will include training programmes for officials on the application of the system.