It’s that time of the year, and the spirit of gifting has caught everyone. Instead  of wondering what to get your girlfriend, partner, friend etc.. we have compiled a list to make shopping for your loved one easy. No one can say no to Chocolate and for under R50, Woolworthds has Nougat, specially wrapped for the festive season. Only a few women say No to make-up, but if that special lady in your loves to accentuate her beauty then this colourful eyeshadow palette is the way to go, and it i sjust under R100!  You can never go wrong with Jewellery! and the stacked neckpiece is a trend for this summer, Mr Price offers this stunning gold plated neckpiece for just R50!  If you are looking to gift your special lady something luxurious, then you can opt for a gift set and Clicks offers the best pampering sets at a cheap price, the Oh so heavenly range smells good and goes for only R79.99!  And if you do not mind spending a few hunderds, the a good smelling perfume would be an amazing gift but expect to dig deep into your pockets. Luckily, Takealot has an amazing salr and if online shopping is for you, then expect to find somethign worth your money. FOR HIM Shopping for that speacial Man in your life can undoubtedly be hard sometimes, but this will make it easier for you, these are just a little hints of what the men in your life may enjoy for a gift. You can never go wrong with a pair of Novelty socks and with the price that Mr Price offers them at, you can even buy tripple of them.  One of the many thiughtful gifts you can gift a guy is a pack of Cotton boxers, that can offer comfort and at a great price!  If you want to go all the way out, you can opt for an expensive cologne and judging from the reviews, Burberry for man smells amazing. Luckily for you, Takealot has a specila and you can get this at 67% off!  As much as man can be minimalist when it comes to accessories, you can never go wrong with a good watch. This trendy Casio watch is instyle and it is only R999 at Superbalist.  Lastly, if your man is into some grooming then for just under R150 you can get a nice grooming set from Sorbet man.  