WHEN Maritzburg United take on Mamelodi Sundowns in the Telkom Knockout final in Durban on 14 December, striker Jeremy Brockie will not be playing. Maritzburg will adhere to the agreement that was struck between the clubs when Sundowns loaned New Zealander Brockie to The Team of Choice in August until the end of the season. The sides will meet at the Moses Mabhida Stadium, with Maritzburg hoping to win their first PSL trophy. However, the good news for the Brazilians is the return of Uruguayan midfielder, Gaston Sirino, who comes back to the squad from suspension. His early return is boosted by Downs’ reinstalment of their Absa Premiership match, which was initially postponed, against Stellenbosch FC, back to Wednesday, 11 December. Sundowns will be gunning for their second Knockout title having won it in 2015. “Yes, Jeremy is out of the final against Sundowns,” confirmed United coach Eric Tinkler, who was reluctant to shed more light on the arrangement. This will be the second time that Brockie misses a clash against his parent club. He was also not allowed to play against Downs in a league match earlier this season at Lucas Moripe Stadium. However, the good news for the Pietermaritzburg-based club is that defender Siyanda Xulu will be back to face his former club. The former Sundowns defender picked up an injury against Bloemfontein Celtic in their league match last month. Since then he has missed the last three matches. It is unclear if he will play against Polokwane City in their Absa Premiership clash at the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday. Meanwhile, Maritzburg players have been promised a bonus if they win the cup. Tinkler, who won this competition with Cape Town City in 2016, has explained the decision. Said Tinkler: “Bonuses exist in finals, it has always been like that. Are you telling me the guys who are playing in European Champions League finals are not getting big bonuses? Of course (they do get). It happens all over the world. “Be it the Telkom Cup, Nedbank Cup or the World Cup, players get bonuses for winning titles.”