VETERAN striker Siyabonga “Bhele” Nomvethe has come out of retirement to join GladAfrica side Uthongathi. The 42-year-old former Bafana Bafana striker retired from football at the end of last season while playing for AmaZulu. However, SunSport has been informed that Bhele, who started his illustrious professional football career at the age of 21, playing for African Wanderers, has joined the GladAfrica early pacesetters. An insider at the club told SunSport that the club roped him in to add experience in the team and also motivate young players as they are gunning for automatic promotion to the Absa Premiership. “Bhele has joined the team. He arrived this week,” said the insider. “But he will not play this weekend in our last match of the first round. He will start playing when we come back from Christmas recess.” Uthongathi visit Giant Stadium in Soshanguve, where they will face JDR Stars tomorrow (3.30pm). Other experienced players who have joined the club are former Golden Arrows midfielders Thanduyise Khuboni and Sandile Zuke. Assistant coach Pitso Dladla, who is currently in charge of the club, could not confirm or deny the signing of Bhele. Dladla said: “Nomvethe and Khuboni are training with the club. I cannot confirm if they have signed or not, but they are with us. You can call the management and they will give more detailed information regarding that.” However, Dladla confirmed Zuke’s signing. He said: “Zuke is travelling with the team for the weekend game.” Nomvethe’s return to action means he is now the oldest player to play in the PSL. The late former Bafana Bafana star John Shoes Moshoeu was also the same age as Bhele when he retired in 2004. He was playing for AmaZulu at the time. Uthongathi had the best start of the season, however, they seem to be some internal issues. This week the club suspended their long serving head coach Johnny Ferreira, who has been with the club since their ABC Motsepe League days. This weekend will be the last week of the NFD as the clubs will be on festive recess.