KWAMHLOBO La Liga Festive Games founder Patrick Dlongolo Ntenjwa is confident this year’s competition will produce more rough diamonds to follow in the footsteps of Orlando Pirates striker Zakhele Lepasa. Lepasa was snatched by GladAfrica Championship side TS Galaxy after he finished the tournament as top goal-scorer with 22 goals last season. The 22-year-old player made an immediate impact for Galaxy as he helped them snatch the Nedbank Cup trophy right under the nose of Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs, scoring the winner via a penalty kick. His heroics made Pirates management to re-call him before the start of the Absa Premiership season. Lepasa, who was signed from amateur side Snake Park Killers, has followed in the footsteps of great players like Reneilwe Letsholonyane, Siphiwe Tshabalala, Sibusiso Vilakazi, Oupa Manyisa, Teko Modise, Dikgang Mabalane, Arthur Zwane and the late Scara Ngobese who also earned their passport to the PSL via the Kwamhlobo Games. Rhulani Mokwena, who is currently in charge of Pirates, also sharpened his coaching skills in the competition with amateur side Black Poison. Ntenjwa is proud of the competition that was started in 1996 with the aim of reducing crime in Meadowlands and has seen it grow in leaps and bounds. The football lovers climb on top of the school roof, trees and nearby houses to have a clear view of the action. Said Mtenjwa: “When you see a guy from Snake Park Killers going straight into TS Galaxy and making an impact made me proud. The high number of goals scored in last year’s tournament was my highlight and this is what the fans want.” Mtenjwa revealed that the prize money for this year’s winners will remain the same with champions pocketing R120 000, while runners up will console themselves with R50 000. The 24th edition is scheduled to kick-off on 19 December until 5 January next year at Kwamhlobo Grounds in Meadowlands Zone 10. The draw will be conducted next Tuesday at Disofeng Pub in Zone 10. Defending champions Mathaithai FC are among the 40 teams that will be involved in the draw. “There will be a lot of scouts in the tournament both locally and from Spain. Those that impress will also get rewarded with trials in Spanish La Liga top teams, Atletico Madrid and Real Sociedad. This year, the tournament will offer different age-group categories including eight female soccer teams.” Mtenjwa says the community will also benefit from the competition. He added: “We will also give 400 food parcels to elders through the project. Last year we managed to distribute 30 000 soccer balls from La Liga to kids in Soweto, to create awareness about football. This year we intend to increase the number of balls.”