JOSEF ZINNBAUER is no Ernst Middendorp. So says Delron Buckley in a warning shot to Orlando Pirates. Zinnbauer was the assistant coach when the retired Bafana Bafana winger was still on the books of Karlsruher SC, in the German Bundesliga in 2011. Zinnbauer’s appointment as the new Bucs coach has not only drawn mixed reaction from the fans. But the football public has also been grappling with the imminent arrival of the German, many asking themselves who Zinnbauer is. But one local, who can vouch for Zinnbauer, is former Bafana Bafana midfielder, Buckley. “I know him quite well. He was an assistant coach during my time at Karlsruher. This must have been around 2012,” said Buckley. “But I remember him as a very guy, someone who is down to earth and very clever. He’s an ex-professional and knows his football.” But Buckley doesn’t have an opinion on Zinnbauer as head coach. “I’ve only seen him when he was head coach at Hamburg. I think we did well. But then the wheels fell off. So as a coach, I can’t say. As an assistant, one doesn’t always get to show his quality.” He does, however, admit Zinnbauer was a surprise choice, especially considering the season the Buccaneers were having. He warned: “He’ll definitely feel the heat. At the moment, Pirates compare themselves to their rivals Kaizer Chiefs, who are doing well. But what would be Zinnbauer’s immediate challenge? “I hope, for him, he’ll get Pirates competing again. The PSL isn’t easy. International coaches might come here thinking it’ll be easy. But such a big job comes with a lot of pressure. “He has a lot on his shoulders. Local fans can get impatient. There’s expectation from day one.” If you don’t win in the first three games, you are in trouble.” Like Pitso Mosimane, Buckley advocates for locals when it comes to the appointment of coaches. “I understand where Pitso’s coming from. Local coaches should get first preference. We have quality, which is often overlooked. Locals should be given a chance to prove themselves with the responsibility of a first team. But at the end of the day a coach should be qualified for the job.” he said.They have to empower themselves with the necessary coaching licenses.”