Surrounded by the hustle and bustle of the CBD in the heart of the city, stands Pretoria’s new premium hotspot PROPAGANDA who officially opened it’s doors to the public this month. Currently the biggest entertainment destination this side of the equator, the venue offers 3 floors of the best in food, lifestyle and entertainment. Propaganda is fully equipped with an elevated DJ BOX and stage for live music performances, a fully stocked butchery, a Carwash and a breath-taking Aquabar. ???????????? It’s ROOFTOP pool party vibezz... THE DRIP SUNDAYS rewritten BY @hunosesa A post shared by  Propaganda (@propaganda_pretoria) on Nov 3, 2019 at 5:23am PST  With the current global shift to more daytime lifestyle meets entertainment experiences, Propaganda is set to change the face of entertainment in Tshwane. THE FOOD Nothing biased or misleading about the food on offer. It’s splendor and simplicity is unrivaled. Specifically designed to tease every sensory experience imaginable, where traditional culinary arts are on show. A theatre experience indeed. PROPAGANDA has two South African based options which includes the butchery, where a huge variety of their high grade fresh quality meat can be selected and braai’ed on site according to the taste of the client. They also have a long ala carte menu with a variety of options to choose from. DRINKS An endless selection of premium drinks is available at the various bars throughout the venue. This includes a huge range of champagnes, cocktails, premium spirits, Beers, coolers and ciders. THE MUSIC From old school hits to currently trending music playing across two different dance floors. The live outdoor setup includes a massive LED Wall with elevated DJ Box and  Stage, giving the venue an amphitheatre feel. A post shared by Propaganda (@propaganda_pretoria) on Oct 29, 2019 at 8:36am PDT  Propaganda boasts some of SA’s finest DJ’s and artists on specific parties nights with loungey music during the day . Music Genres: Afro house, Local house, HipHop and RnB. THEMED NIGHTS MOGODU MONDAYS  - Start the week with the Luxury of tradition OLD SCHOOL TUESDAYS  - Sing along with our classic selection. WOMEN CRUSH WEDNESDAYS – Dedicated to the most valued Propaganda patron – the female GAME MEAT THURSDAYS – Amplify your taste buds with freshly cooked wild game CELEBRITY FRIDAY - Leading the change, Mzansi’s A List Celeb hosted evening LIBERATION SATURDAYS – Where day is night and Night is Day. Light up. This is the liberation capital DRIP SUNDAYS –Sunday is all about The Rooftop Part Time A day to relax. THE CAR WASH Set to open later this month, the venue will also have a fully equipped car wash servicing cars, bikes and super bikes. THE VIP EXPERIENCE PROPAGANDA houses an entire 1st and 2rd floor for the ultimate VVIP experience. The first floor, an area synonymous with lifestyle and luxury, a place dedicated to fulfil every aspect of VIP service. A haven for the sophisticated where Pretoria’s elite are sure to be seen. The 2nd Floor Rooftop Aqua Bar is Sleek, sexy and satisfyingly stunning! VIPs can dip their toes in the pool while sipping on their bubbles. A vantage point like no other. Nowhere does it say “chill” like our rooftop and pool area. Genuinely next level. The VIP / VVIP’s on the 1st and 2nd floor offer a birds eye view of all the action on stage below. Rooftop ?????? A post shared by  Propaganda (@propaganda_pretoria) on Oct 29, 2019 at 8:35am PDT  SAFETY PROPAGANDA takes security very seriously, especially in the ever changing South Africa climate we live in. The venue offers 198 secure dedicated parking bay with trained professional Security Guards to ensure the safety of the patron from parking lot to the venue. There is also a clearly demarcated Drop-off Zones for Uber /Taxi’s for those not opting to drive. This area offers easy access into the venue. “With the ever changing face of South African entertainment, it was finally time to execute this phase of the business. Having been in the game this long with running several other success entertainment properties, our research forecast that this is what people want, one  destination offering a full lifestyle experience” stated managing director Goitsemang “DJ Hunose” Rakgatlha, “ At PROPOGANDA, we offer the triple crown of service:  you get your car washed, eat some of the best South African culinary treats, drink from a long selection of drinks while listening to the best South African music BLISS! What more do you need?” Current situation A post shared by  Propaganda (@propaganda_pretoria) on Sep 21, 2019 at 4:16pm PDT  Propaganda has a strict no under 23’s policy with a Smart Casual dress code that will need to be adhered to.  The capacity of this premium hangout venue is 3000, and offers tailormade options for lavish private and corporate events alike. @ghmumm_sa roof top to light up the city A post shared by  Propaganda (@propaganda_pretoria) on Aug 3, 2019 at 5:08pm PDT  