A NUMBER of street dwellers in Joburg told Daily Sun they left home because of bad decisions. Others said they had no choice other than going it alone because they didn’t want to bother anyone else with their problems. They expressed the need for respect, reuniting with family, a poke and other basic things. Reason Koki (28) from Meadowlands, Soweto, left his family eight years ago and needed a job and rehab. “I’ve been to rehab before. I know getting better starts with me, but it was much simpler for me to actually just run away. I need support and a very strict rehab centre.” Reason became friends with the wrong people and they were now nowhere to be found. Sanele Zwane (24) from Soweto left home three years ago and wanted to reunite with his family for a decent Christmas lunch. “Me and my family are not on good terms, but a day with them would mean everything to me,” he said. Pule Dithebe (24) from Lenasia left his family a year ago. “If I get into a rehab, I’ll get back on my feet. Right now, I depend on nyaope to stay alive,” he said. Douglas Mokoena (31) became homeless 11 years ago after leaving the home of relatives who mistreated him after his parents died. “I couldn’t take it and now I’m here. Not everyone is here because of bad decisions.” he said. Thabile Mtshali (31) from Alexandra has been homeless for 11 years. PITCH BLACK AFRO REMAINS BEHIND BARS! “I have kids and leaving them behind was the worst thing for a mother. My Christmas wish is to surprise my three kids with clothes,” she said. Deliwe Dlamini (43) from Holomisa, Ekurhuleni, said she had been homeless for 15 years because she didn’t want to be told what to do. “I was stubborn. I’ll eventually go home before I die, but for now I just want a Christmas poke. I haven’t touched a 4-5 for seven years.” Raymond Maobobe (31) came to Jozi six years ago, looking for work. KGAUGELO WAS BURNT IN HER MINI COOPER! “I’m from the Free State. I’d love to go home for Christmas,” he said. Ntomfuthi Mpungose (41) from Tweefontein, Mpumalanga, got married to an abusive man whe she was 20. “Two years later, I lost my parents in an accident. I ran away from my husband and left him with my two-year-old boy. I hope he’s taken care of. I want to get a job and see my son.”