ON a big
stage and in big games Judas Moseamedi shines. Will he fix
the country again on Sunday? “I’ll just
play the same way I have played against them,” said Moseamedi on Wednesday
outside Harry Gwala Stadium referring to the Telkom Knockout semis win over
Kaizer Chiefs last month. The Team of
Choice will host runner away leaders Chiefs in the Absa Premiership match at
Harry Gwala Stadium. They face a Soweto giants whom they last defeated in the
league match on 11 March 2015 at home. This game
comes a week later after Maritzburg lost 2-1 in the TKO final to Mamelodi
Sundowns last weekend. En route to
the final, Moseamedi was the star of the show. The 25-year-old powerful striker
scored twice as Midlands club dumped record winners Amakhosi out of the
competition. It was the
match that Moseamedi was buzzing, untouchable and could have gone home with
more than four goals as he missed few clear cut chances. The Tzannen-born
burly striker from Limpopo then scored the opening the goal for Maritzburg in
the final this past weekend to see the team’s dream of winning their first ever
trophy in the PSL come alive. However,
Sundowns had other ideas. Mauricio Affonso canceled all that as he scored twice
to guide the Tshwane giants to lift their second TKO trophy. Moseamedi thought
he had equalised in last minute but he was flagged offside, much to his
surprise. “But it is
good thing that people are talking about me, like praising me,” added Moseamedi
who has only scored one league goal this season. “It helps
you to grown but you have to be humbled and hope you don’t drop the
performance. “But it is
not only a big teams that I’m performing well. I think I become more luckiest
when I’m playing against big teams. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn’t.” The upturn
around of fortunes sounds all surreal to Moseamedi. In the first half of the
last season, Cape Town City loaned him to Free State State. He only
scored once in 14 games appearances before that loan was cut short in January.
He went back to City and the Mother City club spoke to former coach Eric
Tinkler at Maritzburg to loan him for the remainder of the season. Maritzburg
struggled last season and finished second from bottom to go to the Play-offs.
Moseamedi repaid Tinkler’s faith. He scored
one of the important goal in a 2-0 win over Tshakhuma Tsha Madzihvadila in the
second match of the mini league to set tone. Maritzburg were just a step ahead
as they become the first club to win all four Play-offs games in the PSL. “Where I am
it has been the help of my technical staff, teammates. I have to be thankful to
them,” revealed Moseamedi