KAIZER Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp was fuming when asked how many points he thought his side needed to clinch the Absa Premiership title. Amakhosi went into the Festive Season recess on top of the standings with 35 points from 14 games. But they showed they mean business in the second round of the season by the fact that they resumed training today ahead of their next league clash against SuperSport United at Mbombela Stadium on 4 January. Chiefs players were given only three days’ break over the recess. Middendop was angry when pressed about a possible points target to ensure Amakhosi lift their first title since the 2014-15 season. He stormed: “No. But I’ll repeat it again and again, why should we jump around doing mathematical work, using the calculator, whatever? no.” Instead the no nonsense Middendorp stressed his focus is on Chiefs’ first match after the festive season recess when they meet SuperSport. He stated: “The match against SuperSport is a very important game. We aim to start 2020 in the proper way and that is the target.” The German-born coach was irritated by his side’s poor finishing in their final match of 2019 when they were held to a lucky 1-1 by Maritzburg United at Harry Gwala Stadium last Sunday. That draw against the Team of Choice ended Chiefs’ eight league game winning streak, with Middendorp left fuming by the poor finishing of his players, in particular Khama Billiat. Middendorp has drawn both his league matches against ?Matsatsantsa since he returned to Naturena last December. Chiefs will be wary of a SuperSport side who are one of Chiefs’ main contenders for the championship. Kaitano Tembo’s side, who have already won the MTN8 trophy this season, have ambitions of winning their fourth league crown this season. United are third on 24 points but have played a match more than Chiefs. Tembo will be aiming at closing that gap and upsetting the league pacesetters. Strikers Thamsanqa Gabuza and Bradley Grobler will pose the biggest threat to the Amakhosi defenders.