"IT FEELS like a nightmare." This was said by Xoliswa Mbheka (33) as she tried to pick up the little that was left from what used to be her home. READ: WATCH: FLOODS WREAK HAVOC IN MAMELODI!       The mother of three who is one of over 500 residents from Eerste Fabrieke squatter camp in Mamelodi, east of Tshwane who lost their homes after heavy floods on Monday. The residents had to watch helplessly as the heavy rain continued to fill their homes with water. “I was with my kids when, I heard my neighbours calling out for me, they told me that the river was overflowing we should take our things and leave but by the time I could gather my things the water was already over powering my shack, I quickly ran out with my kids and three nappies,” she said. Another resident, Alfred Modubaduba (29) said, all he needs now is a home.     “The rest of the things we will gather as time goes, I just need a home for my family,” he said. According the Gauteng government over 700 shacks have been damaged. The Gauteng MEC for Human Settlements, Urban Planning and CoGTA Lebogang Maile, said they have created a temporary shelter for the displaced residents. Maile accompanied the Minister of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs (CoGTA), Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma to see the extend of the damage caused by the floods. The Minister said what had happened was terrible and they will do their best to try help the residents. “We have donated blankets and food to those who agreed that we move them, to the temporary shelter. “Now what we need to do is to monitor those who stayed behind so that if something happens, we are able to help them and force them to move,” she said. Dlamini-Zuma confirmed that there have been two fatalities due to the rain and the flooding. READ: PICS: REGRET AS LAND INVADERS SHACKS GET WASHED AWAY! She said a body of a man was found in Centurion and another person was electrocuted in Soshanguve north of Tshwane. “The man we found in Centurion, it seems he was flashed away by the floods and here in Mamelodi, there are reports of a mother being missing. We are not sure what happened to her, but her child is with us,” she said.      