MEDIA outlet Daily Maverick is a political tool which is being used by ANC’s Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan to discredit the EFF’s leadership. EFF deputy Floyd Shivambu in defending the online publication from covering its 2nd National People’s Assembly which gets underway tomorrow morning at Nasrec in Joburg, said the party was not going to be apologetic about banning the publication. He was responding to a question on SANEF having written to parliament complaining that EFF leadership, all of whom are MP’s, have violated the Constitution by not allowing journalists to cover the event.“Daily Maverick is a political tool which is being used by a faction of the ANC and that is a fact. If SANEF has written to parliament let them write to parliament and we will deal with the matter in parliament but it’s frivolous complaint anyway,” Shivambu told journalists at the assembly venue earlier today. Shivambu described the online publication as a political instrument and a communication department of Gordhan cabal where they used rogue unit and private intelligence to persecute political opponents.“They are not objective in their investigations into corruption or wrong doing  in South Africa. They have targets and EFF is part of that target. They say in their own space that they want to reduce the support of the EFF. Towards the 2019 general elections they were saying they will do everything in their power to make sure EFF doesn’t have a million vote. That is what they are. “If SANEF is offended by that it’s their own baby to nurse,” Shivambu said.On the registration, Shivambu said the process has been super smooth with 90% of delegates already processed. This included guests, locally, continentally and internationally. He said they have also invited business people some of whom will be present and those who were not comfortable showing their faces and be linked with the party would not show up.Outlining the programme, Shivambu said the assembly will get underway at 9am tomorrow. Party leader commander in chief Julius Malema will deliver his opening address.That will be followed by the organizational report to be presented by secretary general Godrich Gardee and after that there would be nominations for the top six. If there is contest elections would be conducted first thing on Sunday morning.