 KAIZER Chiefs will celebrate the first game as a 50-year-old club with its supporters at FNB Stadium on January 8, 2020 by giving away free match tickets. The game against Highlands Park will be played a day after Chiefs celebrates half a century in existence. Kick-off for the encounter is scheduled for 7.30pm. "As a special gift to the loyal supporters who have travelled the long journey with the club, which was founded on 7 January 1970, we will give supporters a gift of a maximum two (2) tickets per person to attend the game with friends and family members," Chiefs Marketing Director Jessica Motaung said in a statement. "The fixture against Highlands Park is a historical and significant match and our plan for the club’s 50th-anniversary celebration is to reminisce with our older fans and educate our younger fans about the history of this institution; how we came to be where we are today." "We encourage them to take advantage of the Christmas gift the club is offering and get their tickets." In this light, Highlands Park will be the fitting opposition on the day. Back in 1978, South Africa saw the formation of its first multiracial football league. The previous year, Highlands Park were the last team to win the all-white league and were a force to reckon with in local football. Similarly, Chiefs were the last team to win the all-black league. There will be some exciting pre-match and half-time activities for all in attendance. There will be performances by some of our finest local artists. The game will also see a multitude of former Chiefs players gathered to celebrate the significant milestone in the history of the club. "It is important that no one is left out in our celebrations in our 50th year and we urge supporters to get to Computicket as early as possible to avoid disappointments," adds Motaung. "We will roll out our more mind-blowing plans as we progress." Tickets are limited and will be distributed out on a first-come-first-served basis. Tickets for the match are available for free collection at Computicket, Shoprite and Checkers outlets. All that is required is an ID or driver’s licence to receive this great reward.