The school holiday is finally here, and we can all agree 2019 felt like it stretched on forever before the keDezemba spirit eventually blessed us. But unfortunately your wallet may not have been as blessed this festive season, and if you live in a tourist city like Cape Town, you might feel a little left out from experiencing your home as much as our foreign visitors do. The Mother City is expecting 50 000 UK travellers this summer season according to ForwardKeys - a 30% increase from last year - as well as a 20% increase in German visitors and an 11% increase in American visitors. However, South Africans can still budget their precious Randelas in this sunny city. The City of Cape Town created a list of 50 things to do in Cape Town for under R50 - especially useful after buying presents for family you only see once a year. For them, there's more to the city than just the Big 6 of Cape Town."It’s almost a tale of two cities and one of the challenges for us is how we make sure that international tourism benefits all," comments Cape Town Tourism CEO Enver Duminy, which includes developing inclusive tourism products.“One such example is the Khayelitsha Curated Routes which involved us partnering with tourism operators in Khayelitsha. The partnership saw us taking our knowledge of what is expected by international visitors and assisting the operators to craft a tourism product that showcases their community in a manner that is authentic to them. We’ve been able to then promote that product across the world, most recently at the London World Travel Market.”  Duminy also noted concerns around crime during the busy season.“While Cape Town Tourism plays an active, supportive role in optimising safety across the city, it recognises the primary role in safety and security belongs to SAPS and local law enforcement agencies, but we collaborate where possible to enhance the efforts being made."Thanks to our National Tourism Minister Kubayi-Ngubane we have safety monitors being deployed on Table Mountain and our Cape Town Tourism TravelWise Ambassadors are also out at tourist hotspots across the city.” Here are a few of our favourite picks from the list of 50 things to for under R50 - for the whole list see here. Hippos in Rondevlei Nature Reserve Did you know you can see hippos in Cape Town? This nature reserve in Grassy Park is perfect for picnics where you can spot other animals like the Cape grysbok, Cape clawless otter and large-spotted genet.Price: R12 entry for adults and R6 for kids. Reach new heights at Slangkoppunt Lighthouse Take a detour to the surf-haven of Kommetjie, where you'll find the tallest cast-iron lighthouse in South Africa. They offer guided tours to the top where you can see far into the Atlantic Ocean. Price: R16 for a guided tour Do a tour of Muizenberg with VoiceMap See this popular coastal haunt with new eyes by downloading the VoiceMap App - maybe go for a dip in Cape Town's warmer waters afterwards.Price: Free. In celebration of the lifting of the ban on skateboarding and rollerblading, this weekly event has people coming together on all kinds of wheels starting at the Queens Beach Parking lot. Price: Free. Put-put your way to glory at the Scratch Patch indoor course at V&A Waterfront - especially great for when the sun is just a little too much this summer. Price: R23 per person. This museum lets those who were forced out of their homes during Apartheid tell their own stories through a beautiful, interactive exhibit. Price: R40 entry for adults. Discover more about your city with a free walking tour - you can choose between an Apartheid to Freedom tour, a Bo-Kaap tour and a Taste of Cape Town tour and each comes with a local perspective. Price: Free. WATCH: A Bo-Kaap walking tour with Google Part of the Diep Rivier floodplain, this conservation area is filled with birdlife, and you can walk trails through reed beds and past a tidal lagoon. Price: R13 for adults, R6 for children. Pretty beaches and great braai spots between Llandudno and Camps Bay are waiting for you at Oudekraal - but get there early and remember your grid! Price: R35 per adult and R15 per child. There are many museums to choose from in Cape Town - from natural and human history to the cultural legacy of our country. Price: Between R20 and R50 depending on the museum.  