A MAN who was cleaning out a sewerage made a gruesome discovery amongst the dirty and smelling sewerage water. He said he was cleaning out a blocked sewerage when he found a foetus and when he first saw he thought it was a baby goat. But when the man Mfanafuthi Ndokweni (41) from K section KwaMashu north of Durban realised that it was actually a foetus he was shocked. He said he made the discovery while he was cleaning out a blocked sewerage situated within a yard of a family in his area. "So as I was busy cleaning I noticed this and I pulled it out with a small bucket that I was using to clean out the blocked sewerage," he said. He said for a moment he thought it was a baby's goats but when looking at it closely he realised that it was a foesus, which was a boy. "I was shocked and I called the house owner. She was also shocked and informed other residents. This foetus is what blocked the sewerage," he said. He said he often assist people with unblocking their sewerage, but this was the first time he saw this. The house owner, Joice Mshengu (49) said she is also shocked about the discovery. She said the sewerage had blocked since Monday and she called the eThekwini municipality workers but they didn't come. She said seeing that the municipality workers were not coming she decided to call Mfanafuthi to assist them. "So, on Sunday we had a traditional ceremony at the house where we slaughtered a goat. I thought the sewerage was blocked because of the goats insides that were washed at the tap but now I realised that it was a foetus," she said. She said she was shocked and called other residents as the sewerage is for four house near hers. "This is really bad and people would think that someone from my family aborted a baby but this sewerage is for four houses," she said. A resident who asked not to be named said this is a shocking thing and women should be ashamed of themselves for doing such terrible things. KZN cops spokeswoman Colonel Thembeke Mbele confirmed that a foetus was found in a sewerage at K section by a person who was cleaning a blocked sewerage. "An inquest docket was opened at KwaMashu police station for investigation," said Mbele.