MORUTI 'Baby Face' Mthalane, who has a strong claim to being South Africa's greatest ever flyweight, defends his IBF flyweight belt against veteran former WBA strawweight‚ WBC flyweight and IBF junior flyweight champion, Akira Yaegashi of Japan, in Yokohama, Japan. The 37-year-old Mthalane (38-2; 25) won his first IBF flyweight belt in November 2007 against Julio Cesar Miranda. He made successful defences of the belt against future WBO bantamweight champion Zolani Tete (tko 5), John Riel Casimero (tko 5), Andrea Sarritzu (tko 7) and Ricardo Nunez (tko 5) before being stripped of the title in 2013 due to inactivity, which was through no fault of his own. In October 2017, he regained the vacant IBF belt when he stopped Adin Diale in the second round, and has now made successful defences against Muhammad Waseem, Mashiro Sakamoto and Massuki Kuroda. The only losses on his record came against Nkqubela Gwazela in September 2008 and November 2008, when he lost on a controversial cut-eye stoppage against Nonito Donaire. The 36-year-old Yaegashi (28-6; 16), who is rated at No 14 by the IBF, has been fighting as a pro since 2005 and is one of the few three-weight world champions. The IBF do not list No 1 and No 2 in their ratings. Moruti goes into this fight as the favourite as Yaegashi was stopped at 2 minutes 45 seconds of the first round by Milan Melindo in May 2017 in a challenge for the IBF light flyweight belt. Also, the Japanese fighter's last three fights have all been wins inside the distance against fighters with poor records. Some fight websites have predicted that Mthalane will win inside the distance. However, in this battle of veterans nothing is certain in a fight that is not easy to predict. Both fighters are pretty equally matched when it comes to size except for reach, but Mthalane looks the bigger of the two. Height: Mthalane 160.5cm - Yaegashi 160.0cmReach: Mthalane 175.00cm - Yaegashi 164cm The other main organisation champions are WBA, Artem Dalakian (Azerbaijan), WBO, Kosei Tanaka (Japan) and WBC, Julio Cesar Martinez (Mexico).