MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane has made an impassionate plea to the PSL Disciplinary Committee (DC) for a fair trial in the Gaston Sirino matter. Sirino has appeared before the PSL DC on charges of assault after he allegedly hit SuperSport United captain Dean Furman and defender Clayton Daniels in a cup match in September. The Uruguayan has not pleaded guilty to both charges. The club have since submitted heads of arguments, with Sirino now waiting his fate. Mosimane, however, does not believe the midfielder intended to cause any harm and has appealed for fairness. “Did he (Sirino) slap them both? Well, that is the argument, isn’t it,” said Mosimane. “Look at the video footage, be very, very careful because it is your word against my word. Are you sure he slapped (Furman)? The first one I think there was a contact (Daniels). The second one, was there a contact? “Did you see the match between Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs (the league game on 9 November)? Was there pushing? That means you don’t have a team (since there was a pushing) and those guys are out, for two games. “So be very careful. I’m not a lawyer, but I talk technically, I saw the footage.” According to the PSL charge sheet, Sirino is charged with contravening Rule 54.3.5 of the rules of the game. Meanwhile, Sundowns have been charged with contravening rule 54.3.13 of the rule of the complaint in that during the match they brought the game, the sponsors MTN, the complainant, Safa, Caf and Fifa into disrepute for the reasons stated in charges against Sirino. The second charge is also of the same rule, with Sirino charged for assaulting Furman. Sundowns official Yogesh Singh said: “We’ve submitted our heads of argument. The panel will consider that and will come back to us. For now, we will wait for the panel.” PSL prosecutor Nande Becker has been quoted as saying: “If Sirino is found guilty, the minimum sentence for each incident is a two match ban – which will make it to four games – because he’s facing two charges already after receiving a red card this past weekend. “But it’ll also depend on how he conducts himself in the case and notifications – things like that.”