  “FINALLY, the
Mamelodi ten chapter can be put to rest!” These were the
words said by one of the ten mothers, Maria Ntuli (89), who came to witness the
exhumation of the remains of a boy who could be her son. The exhumation
which took part in the Winterveldt Cemeteries in the North of Tshwane, was a
bag of mixed emotions. Ten families from
Mamelodi came to the Cemetery to get the remains of the last member of the
teenage boys who were known as the Mamelodi 10. The men, Jeremiah
Ntuli, Samuel Masilela, Sipho Sibanyoni, Elliot Sathekge, Jeremiah Magagula,
Thomas Phiri, Moris Nkabinde, Rooibaard Geldenhuys, Abram Makolane and Stephen
Makena were brutally killed and buried as paupers in 1986 by the apartheid
police. Before their
families knew about their deaths, they thought their sons were in exile
training to become part of the Mkhonto We Sizwe military group, but only to
learn they were lying in marked graves 74 km away from home.  The Winterveldt
exhumations followed an order by former President Thabo Mbeki in April 2003 to
finalise missing person cases that arose from the Truth and Reconciliation
Commission. According to the
TRC, the boys were lured to their deaths by a security police agent, Joe
Mamasela, in a minibus by pretending to be MK member taking them into exile. They were put in a
vehicle which was set alight and the ten teenagers burnt to death.  Their burnt bodies
were found by locals and were subsequently buried as unidentified paupers. In 2005 nine of
the ten boys’ remains were found in unmarked graveyards, but they could not be
identified From The Missing
Persons Task Team in the NPA, Billy Motsileng said the tenth body could not be
located despite extensive searches and opening nearly two hundred graves. “Due to the burnt
and highly degraded condition of the remains, individual DNA identification was
not possible. The nine bodies were reburied in a special ceremony in Mamelodi
in 2009,” he said.  He said after 14
years they finally managed to locate the tenth body. He said it was
disappointing that they can’t identify them, but they died together so they
will burry them together. “We are just happy
that we found the tenth body,” he said.  One family member,
Lizzy Sefolo, said she was relieved that this journey has come to an end. “It’s sad that the
people who did this still get to enjoy their freedom with no repercussions.
They don’t even feel any remorse on the pain they have caused us,” she said