BLACK Leopards coach Luc Eymael says Orlando Pirates new mentor Josef Zinnbauer has a tough task ahead due to his lack of PSL experience. Eymael said the new man in charge of the Sea Robbers has the potential to succeed, but his lack of knowledge of local football was a cause for concern. “I think that he has been helped by his assistant coaches to win the first game. I’m just worried that he does not have PSL and African experience. But he works at a big team and has all the support and players that he needs. It’s going to be difficult for him.” Eymael was speaking after Bucs new German-born coach Zinnbauer got off to a winning start in the Absa Premiership guiding Pirates to a 3-1 win over Lidoda Duvha at Orlando Stadium on Saturday in his first game in charge. Gabadinho Mhango scored a brace, while Innocent Maela scored the other goal to give Zinnbauer a winning start. Zambian striker Mwape Musonda scored a consolation goal for Lidoda Duvha. Eymael feels sorry for Pirates assistant coach Rhulani Mokwena. The Belgian mentor says that he offered Mokwena, who he was once involved in an altercation with, words of encouragement to keep going despite going through a hard time. Mokwena cut a lone figure during the match. The usually energetic Mokwena was rooted to the bench and didn’t stand up to give out instructions as he normally does. The other assistant Fadlu Davids was seen consulting with Josef Zinnbauer frequently. Mokwena was appointed as interim coach until the end of the season after Serbian coach Milutin Sredojevic left the Soweto giants in August to join Zamalek in Egypt. But last week the former Mamelodi Sundowns assistant coach was replaced by the German mentor. Mokwena won only four, drew seven and lost five of his 16 matches in charge in all competitions which prompted management to hire unknown Zinnbauer. Eymael, who is not the one to shy away from voicing his opinion said: “I told Rhulani before the game that I was feeling sorry for him. Despite our fights in the past when I was still at Free State Stars, I still feel sorry for him. I can imagine what he is going through. “I told him that he must soldier on and continue to work hard. He is a coach, who has a promising future and still has a long way to go. It’s just that I’m sad for Rhulani but it will be okay.” When asked how the relationship between him and Mokwena, the German said Mokwena has welcomed him with open arms. Zinnbauer said the technical team are keen to work with him: “All the guys welcomed me including Mokoena.”