They say you learn something new every day. This is exactly what happened to *Mpho Mogale, who admits that she was watching naughty videos online when she saw something she had never seen before. "This woman had water gushing from down there. At first I thought she was urinating. But at closer look, I realized she wasn't. I was fascinated." After doing her research, Mpho was shocked to learn of the phenomena called squirting. "I honestly felt embarrased. I had been having what I thought was great sex, but not once had I ever squirted. I don't know if it takes a special kind of man to bring that out of a woman, but I have not, to this day, ever experienced it and I envy all the women who have. Who knew our female bodies could do that!" she lamented. Mpho should not feel so bad. According to a 2019 survey conducted by the website Volonté, 72% of women have never experienced the sensation of squirting. So what is squirting and can all women sign up? Sex expert Godivah says that all women can experience squirting with a bit of practice. "Squirting is a form of female ejaculation. If you are prone to faking orgasm during sex, then you definitely will not squirt. So start by taking charge of your orgasm." she said. Godivah recommends that women should start with getting to know their bodies first. "Firstly, you need to find your g-spot. You can achieve this with toy or finger play. You will know when you find it. It is almost similar in feeling to having a wet finger in your ear." Next, Godivah says that this is the technique that will lead to squirting and has these tips for partners to try: "Insert your middle finger inside of the vagina, then try to reach the spot that marks the centre between the top of her slit and her belly button. Now crook your finger, touching that spot in a "Come Here" motion. Come here motion tickles her G-Spot, which feels rough to the touch. Keep going, Come Here, Come Here, gently, as she will orgasm with her G-Spot, leading to squirting!" she said. She adds that women should not feel bad about not being able to squirt. "Honestly, it will not happen to everyone, and women should not feel bad if they don't reach the squirting phase. It does not mean they are having bad sex. You can still reach orgasm without squirting. Squirting is just the cherry on top. It takes some practice, patience and a bit of luck!" she said.