HE IS only six years old, but he turns heads everywhere he goes. People stop him to take photos or ask if he’s wearing contact lenses. All this attention is caused by his blue eyes!  Someone has even offered his family money to buy the little boy. Hloniphani Phiri from Gauteng was born with blue eyes. His mum, Hlengiwe Ndlovu (42), a housewife, said she realised her son’s eyes were different a week after she gave birth to him. She said Hloniphani’s eyes were dark blue in the beginning, but they were now light blue. “My aunt made me aware of my son’s blue eyes, which are rare. I was shocked and even thought he was blind. But ophthalmologists confirmed there was nothing wrong with his eyes. His eyes only had a different colour,” said Hlengiwe. READ: LIMPOPO CROSSES OVER WITH THEIR OWN SONG OF THE YEAR  She said she was sometimes worried by all the attention her son got. When I walk with him, people want to take pictures with him. They call him Blue Eyes,” said the mum of two boys. But residents are not the only ones who’re fascinated by Hloniphani’s eyes. Hlengiwe said a woman from overseas approached them when Hloniphani was three years old and offered to buy him. “I told her I would not sell my son, but she insisted. Hloniphani is my pride and joy. He’s a gift from God,” she said. READ: KICKED OFF STAGE BY FANS “Hloniphani’s dad, Arabson Phiri (42), who works as a horse groomer, confirmed that a woman from overseas wanted to buy his son. “The woman wanted to buy him for R5 million. She also offered us a brand new Land Rover. She came to my house twice, but I refused. I will not sell my son for any prize, not even if I’m promised heaven and earth. Hloniphani is an angel from God. The awesome God gave him special features for me to see light and hope through him,” said Arabson. Hloniphani will start grade 1 next year. He said he liked playing soccer with his friends and his favourite clubs were Orlando Pirates and Manchester United. He said he wanted to be a doctor when he grew up so he could help sick children and their mothers. Hloniphani said he didn’t like it when people stared at him and said his eyes were beautiful. “I just smile when people compliment my eyes.” 