  LAND
grabbers regret invading the land after losing everything they owned! The
residents of Eeste Fabrieke squatter camp in Mamelodi, east of Tshwane
forcefully stayed in a place where the City of Tshwane warned and even tried to
remove them. Some shacks
were swept away by the overflowing river in the area. Now the
residents paid a heavy price after their shacks were washed away by the heavy
rain. Other
residents had to climb on top of their shacks and trees to save themselves from
being washed away by heavy current. Some used
ropes to tie themselves together so they could be able to move from one place
to another without drowning. Two
children and their gogo were among those who were trapped.  They were
rescued by a brave man and the divers. The man had
to walk through the heavy water with the guidance of the emergency services and
divers to carry the children from their home which was on a verge of sinking. The
Disaster emergency officials and divers spent hours trying to find a way to
rescue residents in the floods. According to
residents the flooding begun at around 9am in the morning. Some
residents were shacking when they shared their sad story of what water can do
in a short space of time.  Some said
they were just relived to be alive. Mamelodi
was not the only place in Tshwane to be affected by the floods, some roads in
Centurion south of Tshwane had to be closed due to over flowing of rivers. Tshwane
Emergency Services Deputy Chief, Charles Mabaso said: "We have dispatched
officials to all affected areas." The South
African Weather Service (SAWS) has issued a flood warning for parts of Gauteng
due to persistent rain that has brought traffic on the N12 between
Potchefstroom and Klerksdorp to a standstill. According
to SAWS spokesman Mbavhi Maliage rainfall in Gauteng over the past few days have
heightened the risk for flooding, however, there have been no reports of such
incidents yet. Maliage
said while more rain is expected, the risk should decrease by Wednesday when
the rain is expected to slow down, despite cloudy weather.   