I CAN tell and feel if you’ve had sex with someone else. These are the words expressed by one of the partners in a relationship when they believe they can tell if their better half has been cheating. There are many analogies to this: women said they could tell by the weakness of the sperm and how long the guy lasts during the first round of intercourse. Men, on the other hand, said the tightness of the vagina was a dead giveaway. Sex expert, Mohau Hlatshwayo, said the analogies expressed above haven’t been proven scientifically. “The only way you can claim such is when your partner’s behaviour patterns change,” explained Mohau. “The vagina and penis have no evidence nor do they leave any trail on how many people one has slept with. “People often say that to make themselves feel better and scare their partners not to have sex outside of their relationship.” Mohau also pointed to one’s sex drive. “People’s sex drives often fluctuate due to stress, nutrition, lack of exercise or any other reason,” he said. “A fluctuating sex drive isn’t a sign in itself. But if your sex life has always been pretty regular, and your partner no longer desires your attention, it may be because they’re getting their needs met elsewhere.” Keletso Mofokeng said he can’t tell if his woman had sex with someone else. The only way he can find out is if they go for an HIV test and the results come out positive. “I’m scared of getting sick, so I don’t sleep around. I trust my partner enough to not go behind my back and sleep with someone else, he said. “I’ve heard guys saying they can tell if their partner just had sex. The story makes no sense, as I’ve slept with people who had more than two kids and one with no kids at all and still can’t tell the difference.” He said they should share the tricks of finding out so he can also test the theory. But Mandisa Zwane said she was told by her partner that he can tell that she slept with someone else by the amount of juice she releases during fourplay. “That’s when I realised they’re just saying that to scare us. You can’t control how you cum. Nothing will stop you from being wet.” She said the statement has made her not to enjoy sex because she would want to be dry most of the time. “So, while kissing and touching, I’d think about work, just so I don’t get wet and be told I’m sleeping with someone else.”