  Minister of
Agriculture, Land Reform and Rural Development, Thoko Didiza, held a briefing
on Thursday in Hatfield, Tshwane. Didiza updated
South Africa on the Presidential advisory panel on Land Reform and Agriculture
Recommendations which were not supported by cabinet. The cabinet
received the report in July this year of the Presidential Advisory Panel on
Land Reform and Agriculture which was chaired by Vuyo Mahlati. The Minister said
some of recommendations which were not supported by the cabinet included the
panel's proposal on the significant measures to unlock urban state land for
affordable housing and the creation of more inclusive towns and cities. “The panel also
proposed that government must develop a unified land administration system for
the country with a proposal to develop a new Green and White Paper that will
include land administration chapter. She said the
mandate of the panel was to give an independent appraisal of governments land
reform process looking at the policy and legislative frameworks and
institutional arrangements. "The Panel
had to reflect on the Parliamentary Constitutional Review Process on
expropriation of land without compensation." She said the brief
also extended to issues of agricultural development and spatial planning. "The Panel
also looked on how the institutional framework in all government operational
matters including transparent nature on land allocation and disposal." Didiza added that
the attention was also given on the funding of land reform and proposals on how
this important mandate can also leverage on private individuals who are willing
to donate land to the state for land reform purposes. "The panel
also proposes some interventions that can induce more land release." she
said The panel wants to
establish or delegate central authority with clear powers and responsibilities
to proactively manage state land and ensure that such an authority meet its
broad obligations and balance the interest of potentially competing department. "The panel
need the establishment of a National Land Rights Protector for managing
high-level conflict between the state and citizens," she said. Didiza added that
the panel recommend an in-depth assessment into the conditions for the
application of land ceilings.