THE TWITTER picture of Babes Wodumo on Wednesday had social media abuzz with comments that she was too skinny. But her sister and manager has rejected the observations. “SHE’S BEEN HACKED! THAT’S NOT HER IN THE PICTURE!” SHE SAID. READ: BABES WODUMO: PLEASE PRAY FOR ME! “That photo is fake and it was taken from a bad angle,” said Nondumiso Simelane. She said they didn’t even know who posted the picture of her with her boyfriend, Mandla “Mampintsha” Maphumulo. She said Babes Wodumo wasn’t that skinny. “In fact, she has gained a lot of weight,” said Nondumiso. “The family has even sat down with her and asked her to lose some weight.”  In an effort to convince Daily Sun, she sent a recent photo of Babes. In the image, a happy looking Babes wearing a sweater dress is seen in a cosy hug with a friend. Nondumiso said Babes was no longer on social media because her account has been hacked. “She’s not on Twitter, Facebook or Instagram. She can’t even post her gig guide,” said Nondumiso. “The hacker is using her account to post all the negative things. He’s on a mission to tarnish Babes’ name. “We have a feeling that the same person who took the photo is the same person who hacked her account.” She said they tried everything to delete the account, but failed. “As a result, we’ve opened a case against the hacker,” she said. When asked to give the case number, she said she was on the road and didn’t have the number with her. Celebrities, including Lorna Maseko and Cassper Nyovest, have come out expressing sympathy for Babes. Her father, Welcome Simelane, said someone in the industry was trying to destroy his daughter. “We know who this person is. He is very powerful and popular in the industry. The same person has been begging Babes to work with him but the family advised her against it. “It’s the same person who hired someone to hack her account,” he said. He said Babes was happy and healthy. “I’ve seen the photo and I can tell you that it’s not a true image of Babes. My daughter is not sick. She’s healthy and strong. She’s not as skinny as she appears on that photo,” he said. READ: WE POKE FOR NYAOPE! “Recently, I told her to go to gym because she has gained so much weight. If she keeps gaining weight, she will not be able to dance.” He said people might think Babes was fading away. “This is not the case. She is still relevant and people love her. “As I’m speaking to you she is fully booked,” he said. Hackers were said to be behind Babes’ “fake” photo.