MORE than 100 families from several villages face a bleak Christmas. That’s because the Bakenberg Financial Services Co-operative Bank they have been saving with throughout the year has not paid them their stokvel money. READ: BUSI IN FIRING LINE YET AGAIN! Most of the bank’s clients are from villages around Mokopane, Limpopo. Many are unemployed women and old people who depend on Sassa grants. Today, just a day before Christmas, the stokvel club members have nothing to show for their savings. The total amount the bank allegedly owed at least 25 stokvels was estimated at over R300 000. Julia Thabethe (58), a member of the Mamkaren Club, told Daily Sun that members had been saving with the bank since January. “There are eight of us in the stokvel. We’ve altogether saved more than R20 000. Now we’re doomed,” she said. Lotanang Club has been saving with the bank for the past five years. Speaking for the club, Damaris Manamela said: “Our kids will have nothing to eat on Christmas Day. These people must be arrested.” Moyo Women’s Club , which has 13 members originally from Zimbabwe, saved a total of R48 000. Chairwoman Mavis Siziba (33) said: “Last year we received our money including interest. How will we go home if we’re broke?” Makgabo Ntsoane of Ithuteng Burial Society said one of the beneficiaries had died and the club needed R5 000 to give to the grieving family. Elisabeth Molekwa of the bank said things hadn’t been going well for Bakengberg in recent months. READ: NO CASH FOR RICK ROSS! “We loaned people money and they haven’t been paying. That’s what’s causing the bank to collapse. We tried to get funding and loans to pay our people but we haven’t been successful,” Molekwa said. She was asked if the bank was registered with the Financial Services Board. She said the co-op bank was registered with the National Credit Regulator but couldn’t provide proof of the registration. Bakenberg Tribal Authority’s Daniel Langa said: “This needs to be investigated. We’ve advised the bank’s clients to open cases with the police.”