INTERIM SA Under-20 national team coach, Helman “Midnight Express” Mkhalele, has lauded his young team for the character they displayed on course to book their fifth straight final in the Cosafa Championship. Amajita, who ultimately won 5-4 on penalties, had to come back from two goals down in their semi-final clash against Madagascar at the Nkoloma Stadium, in Zambia on . Oswin Appolis, who has emerged as a real talisman for Mkhalele’s newly assembled side, was once again the star of the show as he netted both of Amajita’s goals. The winners of the last two editions in succession are now one match away from making it a hat trick of titles – a feat only Zambia has managed to achieve in the history of the tournament. “I want to congratulate my boys for the resilient spirit they demonstrated,” said a delighted Mkhalele after the match. “Yes, we didn’t start well, we couldn’t find the spaces and got hit on the counter. We were punished because we lost our shape and we were not counter-pressing properly in the first half. “But I have to give credit to the boys for the character they showed in the second half to bounce back. I’m happy we won in the end because it was not an easy game for us.” Appolis, who now has four goals to his name in the tournament, gave credit to his teammates for helping him recover from a rather disappointing first half and end up as the hero of the day. “My teammates kept pushing me to get into the game,” said the 18-year-old SuperSport United midfielder. “They kept telling me ‘we need you’ and I’m happy I was able to come to the party and make an important contribution.” Appolis and the rest of his teammates will have to bring their A-game when they face record ten-time champions and hosts Zambia in the final set to be played at the same venue on Saturday (3pm). “We need to improve on our penetration up front in the final, we lack a bit of movement,” added Mkhalele. “We will do better against Zambia if we can speed up our play in the final third.”