IN JUST 12 hours, death came knocking twice and wreaked havoc in Lovers Mohlala’s life. And the former Mamelodi Sundowns and Bafana Bafana player is still reeling in shock after he lost both his father and sister on Monday.  SPEAKING TO DAILY SUN YESTERDAY, A TRAUMATISED LOVERS WAS STILL NUMB THAT HE LOST HIS FAMILY MEMBERS IN ONE DAY. “It’s not easy for us,” said Lovers while on his way to Mpumalanga to break the news of the double tragedy to his sick mother. READ: KHANYI PRAISES HER DAUGHTER! “I don’t know how my mother will take all these sad stories.” His dad George (72) died in his arms on Monday morning after he was released from Brits Hospital, North West, where he’d been for a while. He was unhappy when his dad was discharged from hospital last Thursday and asked nurses if they were sure he was ready to go home. “They insisted he was okay to go home,” said a sobbing Lovers. He said he delayed to fetch him and only collected his father on Monday after he received many calls from the hospital to come and get him. “I’m not one to complain about hospitals and all that, but I could see that my father was still struggling and wasn’t ready to leave the hospital. He couldn’t even walk. He had hypertension,” he said. READ: WATCH: SPINNING SUV GOES HORRIBLY WRONG! Lovers said his dad died an hour after he was released. “I don’t want to fight them, but their early release of the old man led to his death. He wasn’t ready.” To add salt to the wound, Lovers’ sister Carol Montewa (47) was killed in what is believed to be an assassination in Soshanguve block KK , north of Tshwane, on Monday night. She was allegedly shot 23 times! But Lovers declined to give more information on the shooting, which he said was “sensitive” and “in the hands of the police”. However, according to Daily Sun’s investigation, a group of men allegedly shot at the car on the driver’s side. The sister, a cop, was in the vehicle with a male companion. “Some shots allegedly went past the driver to the passenger, who happened to be a woman. “The two were declared dead on the scene. Even her children also do not know about the dreadful death of their mother,” said the source. READ: WATCH: HOW I FLED ANELE’S KILLER! Lovers said: “The manner in which my sister was shot was sad. But I know the perpetrators will be brought to book. This is all devastating.” He said his sister’s death reached the family while they were busy arranging his father’s funeral in Klipvoor Dam, where he lived. Carol played for Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies FC. George used to play for Alexandra Blackpool, which was owned by PSL chairman Irvin Khoza in the 1980s. Lovers asked to be given space to mourn and make funeral arrangements. “All details will be released through your media house,” he said.