THREE years ago he shared a video with a man he had performed a sex act with. And two weeks ago, the video came back to haunt him. BUT THE MAN IN THE VIDEO IS NOT THE EX-OFFICIAL PEOPLE ARE COMMENTING ON! READ: ANDILE GUMBI'S SON SHOT! Lesego Ntoahae (31) said what was filmed on the video was people having a private moment and there was nothing wrong with that. “We were at my uncle’s house when everything happened. I’m not proud of that, but what we were doing had nothing to do with other people,” he said. But Lesego, who works for a government department, has come out to set the record straight about his video which was leaked on social media. In the group sex video, Lesego is seen giving another man a blowjob. Next to him is an another man, also giving another man a blowjob. Social media users speculated that the man he was giving the blowjob to was a former minister, but he dismissed those allegations. Lesego said the video was taken three years ago at his cousin’s wedding in North West.  People on social media claimed the men in video were married, as one is seen wearing a ring, and some said it was one of the well-known politicians. But according to Lesego, that was not true. He said people jumped to the conclusion that the men were married. READ: BUSI IN FIRING LINE YET AGAIN! “Just because someone is wearing a ring doesn’t mean they’re married,” he said. Lesego also dismissed the claims that the man on the video was a certain former minister. “What happened is that people took pictures on my Instagram page and mixed something that was not there,” he said. He said he didn’t know who leaked the video. “The only person I sent the video to was one of the guys in the video, but I can’t say he leaked the video because we have lost contact.” Lesego said it’s been a difficult year for him. “Three months ago I was diagnosed with depression due to personal problems, so you can imagine how I felt when the video was leaked. I relapsed.” He said what pained him most was the reaction from women. “A woman called me disgusting. She doesn’t even know anything about me but already she has an opinion.” He said he learnt that he should stop recording private and intimate moments. “I wish I could take it back. It was really a lesson learnt.” READ: IT'S OVER: KHAYA MTHETHWA & NTANDO CALL IT QUITS! He said he hoped that people would learn from the ordeal and avoid videotaping their sexual moments. He said his family has been supportive. “They asked me how I was dealing with this thing. They never judged me. They give me comfort,” he said. Daily Sun understands that Lesego works for a certain government department. His social media platforms like, Linkedin, also indicate he is a state official.