 EFF leader commander in chief Julius Malema has read
party members the riot act and warned them against personalizing positions in
the party. In his closing address of the party’s 2nd National
People’s Assembly today, Malema reprimanded delegates who celebrated when
Gauteng chair Mandisa Mashego failed to reach the threshold in contesting for
the deputy secretary general position. He further warned against party members who go to church
to consult on their positions or perform a ritual to thank the ancestors for
having been elected, saying this practice would not be tolerated in the party
as it would create a bad culture in the party. The church remarks could be interpreted as an attack to
MP and feminist Naledi Chirwa who featured in a video footage that emerged
earlier today where she was prophesied by Pastor Bushiri before the elections. “Don’t go to church and thank God for the positions. I
don’t care who did that whether it’s a male or a female. “Thank God for the degree or the EFF not positions. Once
you do that you are personalizing. “That’s why when Mandisa did not get threshold, you were
celebrating in front her like a fanatic. We don’t want fanatics here. There is
nobody who was defeated here. Advocate Dali Mpofu was not defeated here,” he
lashed out. He cautioned the newly elected members of the Central
Command Team that if they get home and perform rituals or throw parties “that
is the beginning of your problems.” Malema told the delegates none of the MPs members who
have not made it to the CCT would lose their jobs. “I want to reassure everyone here that none will lose
their MPs positions on the basis that they were not elected into the CCT. “If there is anyone who was elected to the CCT hoping
that they would be getting positions in Parliament, tough luck because there no
positions,” he said. He told the delegate they must be camaraderie amongst the
fighters and not put their positions ahead of fellow fighters, saying
celebrations for being elected must end at Nasrec after the party entertained
the delegates last night. “It ended there last night. There is no more celebrating,
there is now more work to be done. We don’t want fanatics here. A comrade’s
pain must be your pain,” he said. 