SOME of the survivors of a Christmas Day massacre said they
still remember the day as it was yesterday, while others have decided to keep
busy in order to forget. This is the brutal Christmas Day massacre which happened 24
years ago and claimed 19 lives and left hundreds injured in an attack launched
at the height of political tension and violence at Shobashobane area near Port
Shepstone, south of KZN. Hundreds were injured and scores of homes were destroyed. The KZN Premier Sihle Zikalala commemorated the 1995
Shobashabe massacre on Thursday. Zikalala started by laying the wreath in the graveyard of
those who were executed. A survivor, Flora Makhathini, said she was at her home and
when she went out of the house, she saw men coming towards her house. She said she ran and went to hide in the bush. “But the attackers caught and surrounded me. One them said
they should leave me because I’m a woman but one of them said I should be
killed because I cooked food for the men they were looking for,” she said. She said then they beat her with a panga on her heard and
arms. “Every December I remember this terrible day,” she said. Another resident who is now an Umlazi councilor, Sthenjwa
Nyawose, said he was supposed to be at home on the 25th of this tragic day but
he decided to change and go on another day. “If I had gone on the 24th I would have arrived on the 25th
and that means I was also going to be killed. I lost several family members.
The people who attacked were killing everyone,” he said. He said but now he is left with no choice but to forgive but
it’s hard to forget. “If I don’t forgive what I will do,” he said. He said in order to forget, he decided to have a soccer
tournament called the Shobashobane Legacy Tournament which began three years
ago. “This helps us to focus on soccer and forget about the
tragic day. The tournament starts from the 25th and ends on the 28th,” he said. However, Premier Zikalala emphasized the issue of
reconciliation whilst honouring those who were brutally killed on this fateful
day. He pleaded with government to record the history of this
massacre so that generations to come can have the accurate information of what
happened.