WITH an estimated 2,1 billion people being overweight or obese globally, and nearly 70% of Mzansi women and 31% of men being overweight, losing weight has become necessary. It’s also about more than how we look in the mirror. We’re all becoming increasingly aware of the frightening health implications of being overweight. This includes Type 2 diabetes, high-blood pressure, heart diseases, strokes and certain types of cancer, among others. With so many eating plans out there, it can be difficult to know which one to follow and which delivers the best results. Truth of the matter is that losing weight is not complicated at all. For most of us, it’s a simple equation of energy in and energy out. In essence, your energy is derived from the calories consumed through eating and drinking, compared to calories burned through physical activity. What you eat and drink is energy in and what you burn through physical activity is energy out. According to Dr Rosetta Guidozzi, a GP with a special interest in weight loss, energy balance is the number of calories consumed versus the calories being burnt off or utilised by the body. “Too many, in and not enough used up equals weight gain,” said Dr Guidozzi. In weight control, the “balancing act” means taking in only as much food and drink as you need to fuel your body’s basic functions – these include activities of daily living as well as exercise. Dr Guidozzi said the body requires calories while at rest as well as during movement. This means the calories consumed are increased – which is why exercise is important. “Exercise is vital and should last at least 30 minutes per day, equivalent to a brisk walk. “The more we move, the more calories we utilise,” she said. If you take in more calories than you burn, you’re likely to gain weight. But if you burn more calories that you take in, you should be able to lose weight. Dr Guidozzi said knowing how many calories to consume can be calculated using certain models, apps or calorie calculators that take into account your age, height and gender. On average and within a healthy, balanced diet, a woman needs about 2 000 calories per day (8 400kJ) to maintain her weight. For a man, that figure is around 2 500 calories (10 500kJ). “Generally speaking, both calorie reduction and increased exercise go hand- in-hand and should be continued as such.”