THE ANC and EFF Tshwane region have accused the Tshwane DA of using delay tactics in the case to have the City of Tshwane Mayor and speaker Katlego Matheba removed! This after the hearing of the acting court order that stopped the removal of Tshwane mayor Stevens Mokgalapa was extended in the North Gauteng High Court on Tuesday until Thursday.    The pair were voted out during a special council sitting earlier this month, but the Democratic Alliance (DA) went to court and that decision was set aside pending high court’s decision. The postponement came after an additional application was made by the Tshwane Deputy Speaker Zweli Khumalo, Speaker Katlego Mathebe, Mokgalapa and acting mayor Abel Tau, which the ANC’s legal team said they never received. The ANC legal representative Advocate, Phasha Ngandwe, said he had not yet scrutinised the court papers and would need more time to do so, including filing the answering affidavit. ANC Tshwane Chairman, Kgosi Maepa, said the DA realised that the Municipality never submitted an application and therefore they made a supplementary application with a new application. He said he was confident that the ANC will win on Thursday. READ: ZUMA'S DAUGHTER: I WORKED HARD FOR MY SUCCESS! “The DA knows that they don’t stand a chance that is why they are resorting to this tactics,” He said. ANC members came in numbers.The court was filled to capacity with members from the ANC, EFF and the DA. DA Gauteng chairperson, Mike Moriarty, said the removal of the speaker and the mayor was more like a military coup rather than the rule of law. He said he thinks the judge was going to rule heavily against the EFF and the ANC “The justice will prevail. I’m hopeful that the next council sitting both Mathebe and Tau would still be in office,” he said.   Tshwane EFF chairman, Moafrika Mabogwana, said they are also confident that this case is going to be a walkover. He said the DA don't have a case hence they have brought new applications, which also speaks about the acting mayor. “We have not passed any motion of no confidence against the acting mayor. “We have passed a motion of no confidence against the mayor who is Steven Mokgalapa,” he said. 