ANOTHER New Years’ Eve is here already, and while time seems to have flown since we cheered on our national teams in major international tournaments, we have to say, this year has disappeared faster than we can say, ‘where to next?!’ for the triumphant Springboks, the gallant Proteas netball girls and the undaunted Caster Semenya. KGOMOTSO SETHUSHA looks back on the year that was and expresses his wishes for 2020. WILTING ... BLOOMING   PROTEAS It may be early days, but the Proteas look to be on the mend under new coach Mark Boucher. Boucher started his tenure brightly as the national cricket team beat England in their opening Test. But it would be foolhardy for any Proteas fan to start shouting from the rooftop. The disaster that was the 2019 World Cup had plunged the team into the depth of despair. The boardroom imbroglio did little to restore CSA’s tattered image, with the suspension of CEO Thabang Moroe the highlight of a tumultuous year. My wish in the New Year is to see the Proteas shed the old leaves and grow new ones of bravery and courage as they go into the 2020 T20 World Cup. BANYANA, OH BANYANA! Pity Banyana Banyana will be not be going to their third Olympics after they stumbled in their first qualifier hurdle against Botswana. The women’s national team may not have the set the scene ablaze in their maiden Fifa World Cup appearance in France in June, but star Thembi Kgatlana sure left an indelible mark with her wonder strike. One wishes to see Desiree Ellis open playing opportunities for more younger players and rebuild the team. PROTEAS PUNCH ABOVE WEIGHT The Proteas may have not bagged bronze, silver or gold at the Netball World Cup. But they have certainly etched their names in the history books and endeared themselves to Mzansi’s heart. The girls were the toast of the country with their heroics in Liverpool where they reached the World Cup semi-finals. There is strong belief that the team can edge Jamaica and break into the top-four in the world, Dorette Badenhorst’s team are going into four-team 2020 Netball Nations Cup in England in January. My wish is to see Badenhorst and assistant Dumisani Chauke build on the successes of 2019. BAFANA TO END APPALLING QUALIFIER RECORD? A chaotic build-up to the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations couldn’t deter Bafana Bafana as they went on to dump hosts Egypt out of the tourney and reach the quarter-finals. But their last-eight finish may not be as useful in the upcoming 2022 World Cup qualifiers. Ranking outside the top 10 on the continent, South Africa will not be seeded in the draw for the group phase of the World Cup qualifiers, the draw is scheduled for Cairo on 7 January. They seem to be on track in the 2021 Afcon qualifiers. However, my wish is to see them in Qatar in 2022. THE BOKS’ REBIRTH The nation was again united in celebration of the Boks’ World Cup triumph. The men in green and gold regained their rightful place among the pantheon of greats in world rugby as they “made it big” in Japan. But as they say, getting to the top is hard. Staying there is even more difficult. The defence of their Rugby Championship title will be their first assignment in 2020, even though they have Scotland and Georgia visiting for the mid-year home Tests. My wish is for Siya Kolisi to stay injury free and continue to lead the Boks to even greater things. HUNT FOR OLYMPIC MEDALS If the disastrous 2019 IAAF World Champions is anything to go by, SA athletes will be in for a torrid time in the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games. That is if they qualify for the Olympics at all, given the below-par performances this year. The team returned empty-handed from the World Champs in Doha. My wish is to see Wayde van Niekerk and Caster Semenya back on the track to defend their Olympic titles and also for Akani Simbine to finally get his due in a major event.