THE family of the killed ANC youth league member Sindisiwe claimed that her cop boyfriend had used love muthi for her. The shocking revelation was made by the deceased's brother Bhekizitha Ndlovu at her funeral which was held at Crammond sportsfield in New Hanover in KZN midlands. Sindisiwe Ndlovu (31) was shot and killed allegedly by her cop boyfriend Sandile Mkhize on Tuesday. Bhekizitha said they found suspicious razor cuts in Sindisiwe's body which they believed that it was her boyfriend who cut her for muthi purposes. He said the way his sister loved Mkhize it was clear that it was muthi enhanced love not a normal one. Bhekizitha said Sindisiwe was everything for her boyfriend including buying groceries every month something she was doing at home. "This baboon cop used muthi for my sister. This man doesn't deserve to be called a human being he is a baboon cop which used muthi. She would wake up in the early hours once her boyfriend called. She could do anything for him but today he thanked by killing her," said Bhekizitha. He said after killing his sister he took her body and loaded in the car as if nothing happened then called his cop colleagues to tell them he has killed someone. Bhekizitha that showed that the suspect wasn't a human being but a baboon. He said he doesn't want to meet the suspect because he knows he wouldn't be able to control himself. He said he wished the suspect must hang himself in jail because as family they don't want to see him walking. The deceased was a portfolio coordinator under the Arts and Culture MEC Hlengiwe Mavimbela. She left three months baby. The suspect had just joined police six months ago and was based at Crammond cop shop. He appeared at New Hanover magistrate court on Wednesday and the case was postponed to Friday for bail hearing. Senior leaders that attended included ANC deputy provincial chairman Mike Mabuyakhulu, ANC youth league secretary Thanduxolo Sabelo, provincial ANC youth league chairman Kwazi Mshengu and Arts and Culture MEC Hlengiwe Mavimbela.