IT’S amazing how just one tweet can change someone’s life around. Rhulani Mokwena had been at Orlando Pirates for just a year when a Tweet from Bongani Zungu, all the way from France, dropped and caused a stinker. The tweet: Coach Rhulani has made Pirates a top team again, @coach_rhulani you’re the boss.Trust me its him. Even at sundowns ask @dollykeagan07 he’ll tell you, sparked a huge debate. You see, at the time, the Sea Robbers were just looting, robbing and stealing points from all their opponents. They were unstoppable under Micho Sredejovic and Rhulani. The tweet caused a stir on social media with just about everyone who hated Pitso Mosimane and Mamelodi Sundowns crediting Mokwena for all the Brazilians’ success. Mokwena was touted as the special one Jose Mourinho and at some quarters as the Pep Guardiola of Mzansi football. He basked in the glory and didn’t reprimand Zungu or set the record straight that it was Mosimane who deserved all kudos. Mosimane was Mokwena’s sensei at Sundowns. Even Benni McCarthy got involved and reprimanded Zungu for lacking class. However, the Twar was shorter that Brendon Silent’s skhindi and it ended abruptly. Everyone apologised, kissed and made up. Then, out of the blue, Micho left the country hush hush. It was to later emerge that he was scooting away from the Big 5s and 26s gangs of Mzansi’s prisons after a case of sexual assault was opened against him at the Norwood cop shop. Poor Mokwena was thrown deep into the deep sea. He wasn’t ready. But his throng of followers were salivating – time for talking football philosophy was over. It was time to show he was the real deal. Fans really messed him up by elevating him high into the skies when he had not yet began his apprenticeship. They put him under immense pressure as he had been credited with the Brazilians overflowing trophy cabinet and with Pirates’ delicious diski all of a sudden. He was expected to take Bucs to greater heights without raising a sweat. But it wasn’t to be – he’s back on the learning curve as assistant again. But having said that, I think the Buccaneers bosses were in a haste to bring in a new coach. Pirates were playing a convincing and entertaining brand of football. Mokwena was on the right track, but a couple of results eluded his team. As the Bucs youngest head coach, he was coming alright about how to conduct himself on the touch lines and also during post-match interviews. Yeah, he did put his foot in the mouth and also mixed his metaphors once in a while – that’s a part of learning. He also learnt a little bit about humility Clubs must invest in young coaches such as Mokwena and get rid of European palookas who wouldn’t even coach at Under-10 level in their respective countries. Hopefully, Mokwena will get another chance after completing his internship and gotten his hands dirty behind the scenes.