WHILE the flooding has stopped, the effects will be felt for weeks to come. Residents who live along streams in Mamelodi, Tshwane, and Ivory Park in Joburg, were mostly hard hit. Xoliswa Mbheka (33) from Eerste Fabriek squatter camp in Mamelodi was one of more than 500 residents who lost their homes on Monday. “My neighbours told me the river was overflowing and we should leave. By the time I could gather my belongings, the water had already destroyed my shack,” she said. Gauteng Human Settlements MEC Lebogang Maile said temporary shelter would be provided for more than 700 displaced households. Co-operative Governance Minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma said: “We’ve donated blankets and food, and moved those who agreed to temporary shelter. We need to monitor those who stayed behind.” The minister said a man was electrocuted in Soshanguve, Tshwane, and the body of another man was found floating in the water in Centurion. Gauteng disaster management centre said the most affected areas were Tshwane, Joburg and Ekurhuleni, with minor incidents in the West Rand and Sedibeng areas. Nthabiseng Nkuna (38) said her shack was turned into a swimming pool.      Asked why she built her shack near a stream, she said she didn’t want to lose her kids’ grant money to rent. Jantjie Masemola (38) said residents wanted to be moved and given safe houses somewhere else. “I want my kids to be safe. When the water came in I couldn’t sleep as it was damaging our shacks.”  In Centurion, Tshwane, some cars were still under water yesterday. Police divers had to rescue residents. Resident Jacobs Koos said: “We were not expecting such rains. I had to watch as my car was swept away. I was in town when the rain started. I stayed inside the shop because the rain was too heavy for me to run back to my car. “Minutes later I saw my car being dragged away. I found it 200m away the next day.”  Elani Heyneka from the SA Weather Service said clear skies could be expected for the rest of the week. Brigadier Mohale Ramatseba urged motorists to be very careful. 