LIMPOPO Agriculture and Rural Development MEC Nandi Ndalane has encouraged residents to take part in food production through farming to boost the country food security. Ndalane was speaking during the department’s community outreach programme at Ga-Ramokgopa in Botlokwa in the Molemole Municipality on Wednesday. The outreach programme focused on a number of issues including agriculture, emerging farmers, subsistence farming, small holdings, commercial farming and livestock farming. “It’s unfortunate that many of our communities participate only in subsistence farming, producing food solely for their households,” she said. Ndalane also said it was important for the youth to realise there were economic opportunities in farming and food production for the commercial market. She told the People’s Paper it was a pity the drought in the province had been worsened by high temperatures. The recent outbreak of the foot- and-mouth disease made the situation worse, leading to massive losses of livestock in the municipality. “The drought has resulted in many serious challenges. But we’re grateful of the recent rains that have been pouring across the province,” said Ndalane. “We hope this amount of rain we’re receiving at the moment will persist so we can deal decisively with the drought and low water levels in our dams.” Ndalane said her department’s mandate was to achieve food security. “It’s crucial that farmers work hard to ensure they achieve food production levels that will help to feed the masses of our people,” she said. “It’s in every individual’s interest to see organised farmers succeed in their efforts to produce food for our people.” Ndalane said the department was also grateful for the great work done by its veterinary services following the outbreak of the foot-and-mouth disease in the municipality. “As a department, we’re aware that the outbreak has brought a level of uncertainty and fear among stock owners in the Molemole Municipality. “To overcome that challenge, we will ensure our officials engage affected farmers and help with necessary information to protect their stock,” Ndalane said. Molemole Mayor Edward Paya said the MEC’s visit in the area brought huge relief to local farmers. “This is because the information she shared with us will help our farmers confront the challenges they come across on a daily basis. “We also believe this gathering will motivate our youth to join the agricultural sector in their numbers,” he said.