Jonathan Butler and Cassper Nyovest will headline the Tlokwe Annual Jazz Music Festival and Family Fun Day at Potch Dam in Potchefstroom on New Year's Day. The acclaimed Jazz musician and Mzansi hip hop star will be sharing the stage with among others, the South African music legends; Caiphus Semenya and Letta Mbulu. Also on the line-up will be Blaq Diamond, Dr Tumi, Donald, Samthing Soweto, Bantu Elements, Lebo Sekgobela, Jaziel Brothers, Lioness, El Maestro, Ziyaduma Jazz Band, Nkuleko Maphosa and DJ Tosi. Radio personalities David Mashabela, Ishmael Abrahams, Amon Mokoena and comedian Peter Mashata will MC the event. The 14th edition of the flagship Jazz music event in the North West province will usher in the New Year, following hot on the heels of the Metro FM Heat Wave held in Rustenburg, DJ Nation event in Taung and the #Fillup Royal Bafokeng. “I can’t wait to play the South Africa music legends Caiphus and Letta Mbulu. It’s going to be incredible. It’s always good to be back at home. I pray for a blessed New Year for everyone,” said Butler. Big Daddy 247 Events director Tebogo Sekgaile said the 14th edition will be something special. "The festival has grown in stature and this year we are bringing the finest in Jazz, local hip hop and also the South African music legends," said Sekgaile. He has further warned people against buying counterfeit tickets and further indicated “Park and Ride” busses will be available to ferry attendees. The North West Art, Sport and Culture department continues to support local promoters and entrepreneurs. "The event does not only give exposure and platform to our local artists to perform with both international and seasonal local artists. But most importantly, it helps to bring tourists from all corners of the world," said Arts, Sport and Culture portfolio committee chairperson Kabelo Mataboge. "The result of that are the economic spin-offs. The event benefits our local vendors; create jobs and helps to alleviate poverty, hence our continued support for the initiative." Tickets are on sale at TicketPro. General Tickets cost R300, R350 at the gate and R1500 VIP tickets. 