EMBATTLED Cricket SA chief executive, Thabang Moroe, has "unreservedly" apologised on behalf of the federation "for the erroneous process that led to journalists having accreditation revoked". He further expressed regret on their side to sponsors for the "ambiguity of the CSA tweet yesterday (Tuesday) where we thanked our sponsors for their support - it wasn’t our intention for that tweet to infer support for the accreditation blunder, but instead to thank them for our longstanding partnerships". This follows an outburst by a body representing journalists in the country, the SA National Editors Forum (Sanef) following accreditation of certain journalists revoked by the troubled cricket federation. "I am proud to live in a free and fair South Africa where each and every one of us has the ability to compliment and criticise any organisation, including my own for my and/or my team’s efforts," Moroe said in a statement on Wednesday night. "Too many people have made the ultimate sacrifice for the privilege of free speech and I’d like to apologise to Sanef and all of your members for any harm that was caused during our accreditation error in judgement." Moroe admitted that 2019 has been a challenging year for Cricket South Africa and it is his responsibility to "articulate solutions for the way forward and to take you, our stakeholders, into my confidence, in order to rebuild trust". The federation's board will have a special sitting on Saturday where a number of crippling effects that have engulfed CSA will be addressed and a solution probably found by the weekend. Explains Moroe: "This will be immediately followed by a media conference to communicate the outcomes and next steps to South Africa via the media, including but not limited to the Director of Cricket role, team selection processes for the England tour, and all other Cricket South Africa issues relevant to the South African public. "We encourage transparent reporting of the highs and lows of Cricket SA and every South African institution - public or private"."It is understandable that my job as CEO is always under the microscope," he confessed. "It’s not just for ethical reasons but for my love of cricket that I adhere to due process, especially during uncomfortable moments. This is evident with the ways in which we are working through a formal process in terms of our recent suspensions, and there seems to be consternation about the appointment of our new Director of Cricket role. "What has become apparent and a learning point for us as an organisation, is the absolute need for more dialogue with our stakeholders. To this end, I commit to ensure that the outflow of communications from my organisation is far more frequent and transparent that has happened in the past. We owe this to our Board of CSA, our Members, our Partners and Sponsors, Sanef, journalists, and the Fans of South African cricket."