MARITZBURG United coach Eric Tinkler says he faces a challenge to motivate his players ahead of their Absa Premiership clash against Kaizer Chiefs at Harry Gwala Stadium on Sunday. This comes on the heels of the Team of Choice’s 2-1 loss to Mamelodi Sundowns in the Telkom Knockout final at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday. The cup final defeat was a bitter pill to swallow for Tinkler. He was livid after Judas Moseamedi’s goal was ruled offside. Tinkler believed it was a legitimate goal. The former Orlando Pirates coach says he needs to become a psychologist to solve the TKO final trauma in order to get back to reality. But on the positive side Maritzburg are not fighting for their lives and therefore not under pressure when they host the runaway log leaders. The Midlands club, who retained their PSL status via play-offs last season, are ninth on the log with 17 points from 13 games. And United and Moseamedi will have a psychological edge going into this showdown. Maritzburg upset the form book when Moseamedi scored twice to earn a shock 2-1 win over Amakhosi in the TKO semi-finals. That will be something that Chiefs will want to avenge and Ernst Middendorp’s charges will be gunning for United’s blood, also looking to finish the year on a high. But added Tinkler: “Life moves on and we go into another crucial game against Chiefs. Our league position is important. “We want to try and finish off on a positive note. A game against Chiefs at home is massive to us. “But I’ll have to be a little bit of a psychologist to motivate the players.” Meanwhile, Tinkler has hailed Moseamedi, backing him for a Bafana Bafana call-up the next time Molefi Ntseki assembles his team. The in-form striker fell just short of completing possibly a successful TKO campaign when his equaliser was disallowed in the cup final. “Judas is showing the hunger to succeed. I told him at the beginning of the season that he has the potential to play for Bafana Bafana, he is one of those strikers that will chase lost causes,” Tinkler added. “His work rate is absolutely phenomenal and many people only see him as this really strong and aggressive striker but technically he is also really good. “He has the ability to take on people on one-on-one situations and he can even beat people in two-vs-one situations.”