BAROKA FC go into the Christmas break in turmoil. Trouble has been brewing all season, but came to a head yesterday when coach Wedson Nyirenda resigned on Monday. Nyirenda lost the dressing room at the weekend when he blamed his players for sabotaging him following his side’s 1-0 defeat to Stellenbosch in an Absa Premiership match at home. Baroka currently sit in 14th place on the league table‚ they are a point above the relegation zone. Nyirenda confirmed to SunSport that he had resigned. “Yes, that is 100 percent correct I have resigned. I am no longer Baroka FC coach,” Nyirenda said. However, the former Kaizer Chiefs striker refused to divulge what led him to step down. His departure comes just after a year when he guided Baroka to the Telkom Knockout triumph following a 3-2 win on penalties over Soweto giants Orlando Pirates in the final. SunSport has reliably learnt that Baroka chairman Khurishi Mphahlele allegedly interfered with Nyirenda’s job, not only in team selection, but when he replaced captain Mduduzi Mdantsane with Gerald Phiri. To add more fuel to the fire, Mphahlele terminated Mdantsane’s contract with immediate effect on Sunday after they could not agree on terms of a new deal. Mdantsane’s contract with the Limpopo side was due to expire in June next year. The chairman also terminated the contract of Matome Mabeba and Orebotse Mongae. Mphahlele’s decision apparently didn’t go down well with Nyirenda. Said the insider at the club: “There has been a lot of interference and as a result the club has been dropping points. The chairman also terminated the contract of three players and stripped Mdantsane of the captain’s armband. Nyirenda could not take it anymore. Mdantsane is currently with his family at home in Mpumalanga.” However, Nyirenda refused to comment when quizzed about the allegations. He said: “I had six months remaining, and a one-year option to exercise at the end of the season. “Right now, I cannot reveal much. I can only confirm my resignation. I will release a statement later in the week.” Nyirenda could take over the Zambia national team coaching job as he was approached by the Zambian Football Association. Baroka assistant coach Thoka Matsimela has taken over the hot seat on an interim basis until Mphahlele appoints a new coach. He was in charge of the training session yesterday at the team’s training ground in Lebowakgomo, Limpopo. When contacted, Mphahlele said: “I am on holiday. I cannot make comment, I will only do so when I come back home.” Baroka resume their league programme when they visit Cape Town City on 5 January.