MINISTER of Travel and Tourism Minister Mamoloko Kubayi- Ngubane announced her plans with the Minister of Police Bheki Cele to deliver a safe festive season for tourist and travellers. She was briefing the media at the Government Communication, Information System (GCIS) in Tshwane earlier today. She said concerns about safety affecting tourism has dropped especially in the in the International arrivals to South Africa. She added that the challenges around safety has affected the major markets of the Country. "We engaged with the Minister of Police and various stakeholders which has led us to today’s announcements. “Accordingly, we have crafted a workable Tourism Safety Plan, Responsive measures that will ensure quick and effective operational response and most importantly an aftercare programme that focuses on measures to facilitate and provide victim support after an incident has occurred, “she said. According to her the strategy to guide their response to the challenges of tourism safety that impacts on the country’s tourism potential, was developed in consultation with various structures. "In the long term, we will remodel the Tourism Monitors Programme so that that they are linked with SAPS Community Policing Forums and Community Safety Patrollers as part of SAPS Community Policing Strategy.” “Our task as a sector is immense as we occupy the number two spot in the list of government priorities. “This is because the government understands the potential of this sector to economic growth and job creation," she said. The Tourism  Minister added they are implementing a six month tourism pilot and she hopes the public will see results this festive season. "We believe that the public will see value in government efforts and the intervention measures implemented for this. “We are certain that with this plan, our guests  and South Africans traveling will also have a pleasant time visiting our various attractions until there,” he said. Cele said they have established a special unit to monitor people traveling from OR Tambo International Airport with much success. He said the Tourism Police reserve will be among the proposed long term solution. “SAPS is currently rolling out its holiday season strategy with special focus on the coastal provinces and Mpumalanga,” she said