THE FESTIVE seasons come with a lot of fun, but with too much fun people tend to get carried away and act unlawfully. In Joburg, Metro Police will be working tirelessly to pounce on lawlessness. JMPD Spokesman Wayne Minnaar invited the Sun Team to a freeway patrol, to demonstrate how they will be dealing with unruly and reckless motorists on the Joburg’s freeways.  Within minutes, a driver was pulled over for talking in her phone driving on the M1 north in Killarney. For that she got an early Christmas present in form of a R500 fine. Talking on the cellphones is one of the common offenses JMPD deals with on a regular basis. This is despite the modern cars having systems such as the Bluetooth technology that enables motorist talk on their phones without using their hands. JMPD spokesman, Wayne Minnaar to Daily Sun, “When they talk on the cell phone, they haven’t got full on control of the car, and the steering will. “When you answer your phone, you only have one had to drive, for indicators and changing of gears, which means when you are changing gears, there is no hands on the steering wheel” he said.   When its peak traffic, the yellow lane is the go to for motorists. “People they like the yellow lane when the traffic is heavy,” Wayne said. He said those caught for this offense, are issues with a R1000 fine. “Every day, mostly taxi drivers and other motorists are given fines for driving on the yellow lane.”  Speeding is also a common and a serious office. He said the impact of the accidents is more severe when cars are speeding, which would often result in deaths. “As it is December time, when people are rushing to go to their respective destinations outside Joburg, they speed and become reckless. “They overtake where they not supposed to, they cut in in front of other motorists, and they change lanes when it is not safe to.” Overloading is another common offense during Festive season. “It places enormous pressure on the tyres and it means there can be a tyre burst. It also puts pressure on the braking system of the car, which means it can fail. The steering mechanism can be affected.”