GOSPEL singer Kholeka Sobiso is fuming after Musica refused to distribute her DVD. She wanted to distribute her DVD recording for her latest album, Your Word: Alibuyi Lilambatha Izwi Lakho to the music outlet via her company, Kholeka Music Productions, but the store won’t allow her. According to the singer, the store informed her that her company was too small to distribute music for them. “I used to work with Revolver to distribute my music. But I decided to stop and distribute on my own. I sent the company an email asking them to add my company to their list of distributors. They told me they already have distributors and couldn’t add my company as it’s small,” Kholeka said. “They gave me a list of eight distributors to choose from and work through them, but I don’t want that. I want my own company to distribute my music. I won’t give another company money to do something I can do.” As a result, Kholeka now sells her own music. “I also sell through small Indian shops around the country and have agents in different provinces who sell for me. The singer said the company should allow small companies a chance and stop excluding people who are trying to make something for themselves. “Young and independent entrepreneurs are trying to build their brands. But big companies want them to go to other companies who take a percentage for something they can do for themselves. “That doesn’t make sense to me. We’re trying to fight oppression from big companies by doing things ourselves and this happens. “Government should address this issue.” She said she was capable of selling her music and didn’t need the company anymore. “They started selling my music from 1997 through different companies and when I want to do it myself suddenly it becomes a problem. “Anyway, I’ve been singing way before they sold my music and it won’t kill me. “I’ll sell it the way I did before.” Lynn Adonis, who communicated with Kholeka on behalf of Musica, refused to comment, saying she no longer worked for the company. Efforts to get comment from Musica were unsuccessful.