When a 43-year-old man visited Flinders Medical Centre for a routine dialysis appointment, doctors had to amputate the
tip of his penis. His 4-5 was then reduced to a "penile stump", according to a
case report published in BMJ Journals. Doctors discovered gangrene on the tip of his penis and,
according to the report, the man’s flesh started to turn white with black
spots. This left surgeons with no choice but to slice off the dead tissue to
prevent the gangrene from spreading. The man, who remains anonymous, was diagnosed with penile
calciphylaxis, and is said to be lucky to have survived the condition,
considering that it kills around six out of 10 patients. He developed the
condition due to his underlying medical conditions, which include obesity, type
2 diabetes, high blood pressure and end-stage kidney disease. “The majority of patients who develop penile calciphylaxis
progress to gangrene and sepsis,” the doctors wrote in the report, adding that
it is is extremely rare and was first recorded in 1997. There have also only
been 50 mentions of the condition in English-language scientific reports. Brain Scans Link Obesity And Brain Damage Researchers have found a link between obesity and brain
health and are looking into how weight control impacts the mind. The plastic and reconstructive surgical unit had to step in
for the reconstruction of the man’s penile stump, which included “two skin
grafts using foreskin”. His wound had completely healed two months after the
final operation. However, the report further mentions that the calciphylaxis
continued to develop in his body, which meant that he had to have part of his
large intestine removed a year later, but, despite the grim diagnosis, surgery
and recovery, the man “remains alive”. What is calciphylaxis? Calciphylaxis is a rare and often fatal kidney-related
disease. It happens when calcium accumulates in small blood vessels in the
skin, and cuts off circulation. It is generally seen in patients with kidney
failure, explains the National Kidney Foundation (NKF), but other risk factors
include obesity, chronic kidney disease, and hypercalcaemia. The condition can result in painful skin ulcers, infections
and even organ failure. Blood circulation is cut off and flesh is unable to
receive oxygen, leading to ulcers, and skin and tissue rotting – a condition
known as gangrene. The BMJ report mentions that penile calciphylaxis is a
clinically challenging condition to manage and that, while there are several
treatment options that have been proposed, the underlying evidence is
anecdotal, and the overall prognosis still remains very poor. Nearly all sufferers who develop penile calciphylaxis
progress to gangrene and sepsis, the doctors wrote in the report. The condition
has a mortality rate of 64%, and a life expectancy of less than three months. Dr Sagar Nigwekar, a nephrologist and Assistant in Medicine
at Massachusetts General Hospital and an Instructor in Medicine at Harvard
Medical School, is on the frontline of researching calciphylaxis, and told the
NKF that the disease has been observed for over 50 years, but that there is no
effective treatment as yet. “As we map the biology, risk factors, prevention and
eventually, treatment of calciphylaxis, we believe it will lead to a number of
advancements in understanding the mechanisms of vascular calcification,"
he explains. SOURCE: HEALTH24 