DUE to the bad treatment gays, lesbians and transgender  people receive from clinics and hospitals some ended-up doing self medication. And they said although that was wrong but they felt that was better than having to face discrimination from these healthcare facilities. In order to prevent that from happening further the KZN Department of Health's MEC Nomagugu Simelane Zulu launched the #FabulousAboutHealth and # Isibhedlelakubantu (Healthcare to people) programme in Gugu Dlamini Park in Durban today. The launch was attended by different organisations such as the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Intersex (LGBTI). The day started with aerobics and yoga before MEC Simelane Zulu arrived and did walk abouts at the tents of the services that were provided at the event. The gays,lesbians and transgender who attended the programme had a chance to get tested for different illnesses as the mobile clinics and testing centres were provided for them. However, a transgender woman Sazi Jali (24) from Umlazi south of Durban told Daily Sun before she transitioned to being a woman in 2018 she had to use self medication because each time she went to the clinic she was discriminated. She said nurses in the healthcare facilities are not well taught about gays and lesbians. "It was very hard for me. I would come wearing a dress and they would call each other and laugh. So that was very painful for me and I ended up using self medication," she said. Mr gay 2019 finalist Prince Nsibande said perhaps such programmes like the one launched today will help educate those who are un educated about them.  The LGBTI chairman Nonhlanhla Mkhize said they want to be treated with respect in all governement sectors. Nonhlanhla said after getting several reports of the bad treatment lesbians and gays got from goverment institutions they met with different departments and discussed how things can be properly done and the health department responded first. "We are happy that today the programme is launched. We hope people really get the message that we are humans and we deserve to be serviced like everyone else," said Nonhlanhla. Nonhlanhla added that the clinics that gave them problems were in Inanda, Ntuzuma and Commercial city. "But we hope that things will now change in these institutions," said Nonhlanhla. And MEC Simelane Zulu said: " This is the first programme where we are focusing on different sectors because we understand that different communities approach our health facilities." She said they discovered that some LGBTI members dont go to clinics because of the treatment they get. "Through this programme we want them to know that they are not left out. We encourage them to visit our clinics and they will get the help they need," she said. She said the programme started in Durban but its still going to be taken to other places as well.