  THE President of the Economic Freedom Fighters, Julius Malema, told
delegates at the party’s second National People’s Assembly that it is about
time that the education of the African people must look like them. “Let our education look like us. We need a curriculum that looks like us
and we identify with,” Malema said to big applause. He told the Eff fighters that the organisation was planning to build a
school within the next five years. The CIC said: “We are going to build a school within the next five years.
This will be a private school offering the best education with the best
teachers. The school will cater for the poor children. “In fact, we will look for the poorest of the poor children in the
township. I don’t understand why Patrcice Motsepe does not build a school with
all the money he has. I don’t know why Robert Gumede does not build a school.
Why doesn’t Cyril (Ramaphosa) build a Shanduka school?” Malema said they will go to Zimbabwe to look for the best qualified
teachers there if the whites do not want to teach in that school. He challenged EFF members not to re-elect them if they do not pass that
mandate in five years. “In the next five years if we come back here to the conference without
having built the school, don’t elect us because we are useless. We hold a
conference of R32 million here, but we can’t build a school? We raised this
money in only eight months. Imagine what we can do with that money? A lot,” the
red berets president said. He said it was surprising that companies like MTN, which were making so
much money, were not building schools. He told EFF members that come January 2020, they must make sure that
every child who is supposed to be at school, is attending school. He demanded
that they take the lead in the school issues. He said: “When February comes, the Student Command must kick those doors
of learning in tertiary institutions to let all qualifying students to get
education. Whether they have registration or not, they must be registered. “They said we must be educated, but now they are not opening higher
learning doors for us. They cannot cope. “Those institutions must teach education that is relevant to African
people. It must be like us. Medical schools must also teach about traditional
herbs.”  