FAIRYTALES belong in storybooks and kiddies movies. But for the two lovers famously known as the KFC couple, the rules are about to be broken. THEIR FAIRYTALE IS ABOUT TO BECOME A GLITTERING REALITY IN JUST A FEW DAYS! Nonhlanhla Soldaat (38) and Hector Mkansi (37) are set to walk down the aisle on New Year’s Eve. KFC COUPLE WILL GET MARRIED ON NEW YEARS EVE! The couple could not disclose details of the venue because of security concerns, but shared a few details on their upcoming wedding. Daily Sun donated a sheep voucher worth R2 000 to the couple and, according to the couple, they will serve the meat to their guests. The one-day ceremony is expected to start in the afternoon and will be streamed live on Eyewitness News. Celebrities will perform in front of 250 guests, mostly family and friends. RASTA: I WANT TO PAINT KFC COUPLE! Nonhlanhla said she’ll wear two wedding gowns including a champagne dress designed by Bride and Co with jewellery pieces from Dipo Kreations. Hector will wear two suits supplied by Relevance for men and paid for by Black Coffee. The couple have decided to surprise each other with their wedding outfits, which will have a matching theme. The five bridesmaids and five groomsmen will include family and friends. Nonhlanhla said: “I never thought someone like me would ever have such a gorgeous wedding. “I still can’t believe this is really my wedding. My wedding dresses are stunning. “I only saw these kind of dresses worn by celebs or on the internet. “The decor will have less bright colours. Just the way I like it. “Every little wish I had for my wedding has been granted. Even my favourite celebrities will be singing at my wedding.” They chose New Year’s Eve to mark the beginning of 2020 as the year of love. Hector was happy Nonhlanhla would have the wedding of her dreams. “She’s a queen and deserves only the best,” he said. BIG WEDDING FOR KFC COUPLE! “This would not have been possible if it wasn’t for the love we received from people. “We’re now celebrities, and wherever we go people recognise us and ask for pictures and autographs. “We’d have loved to invite everyone, but the space couldn’t allow it. But we’re glad they can watch us.” Nonhlanhla and Hector broke the internet when their proposal went viral on social media last month. Hector was captured on video proposing to Nohlanhla during a meal at a KFC situated in Evaton, Vaal. It later emerged the couple were already married when the video was captured. WATCH: KFC COUPLE SHOWERED WITH LOVE! Hector was returning the ring after it was taken for cleaning. Despite this, Mzansi had already fallen in love with the couple and began to pledge to give them their dream wedding. Celebrities such as DJ Black Coffee and big companies including Woolworths, Betty B Gifts, Jameson, Sun City Resorts as well as Le Creuset took part in the pledge. Land Rover, Volkswagen, Lexus and Audi,who will offer transport, also pledged. Artists who will perform include Jaziel Brothers, Dr Tumi, Amanda Black and Donald, among others. The happy couple said they will celebrate their honeymoon overseas once they have sorted out their travel visas.