SAFA have pulled out of the running for the rights to host the 2023 Fifa Women’s World Cup. This is not due to a lack of key support from government. But according to acting Safa CEO Gay Mokoena, the decision to withdraw their bid is mainly due to the fact that the country will be hosting the 2023 Netball World Cup. South Africa had thrown its name in the hat, along with eight countries, bidding for the World Cup hosting rights. Fifa have since confirmed Argentina, Brazil, Japan, Colombia, Australia, New Zealand and South Korea. They have removed Mzansi, Belgium and Bolivia from the updated list of bidding nations. “We had positive support from government for the bid. It’s just that we looked at the current environment,” said Mokoena at a press conference which followed the Safa annual general meeting (AGM), held in Joburg yesterday. “We felt that we needed to strengthen our women’s football before we can invite the world to come and play. “We will definitely consider bidding for the 2027 Women’s World Cup. By that time we will also have a strong women’s national team.” Safa announced a loss of R74 million at the AGM, owing to a lack of sponsorship, particularly the TV broadcast rights deal. The country’s governing body, however, have recently concluded a deal with the SABC to beam all national teams’ matches, including that of Bafana Bafana. “We had a successful AGM, “ Mokoena said. “Some of the resolutions taken include the congress approving our financial statement for the year, although as you’d know by now we’ve made a loss. We explained to the members the cause of the loss as well as the recovery plan.” Part of the recovery plan include the introduction of a subscription fee for members. “This will assist us to have a base income from a self-funding initiative, our members, “ Mokoena explained. “When the sponsorship comes it’ll just be a cream on top. “We’d like to have everybody covered by the third year. Hopefully we would have covered all three million members we have. Currently we have just over 350 000 members registered on our database.”