WHEN South Africa Football Association (Safa) launched their National Women’s League, many thought it was a glimpse of light in the tunnel. However, four months down the line there has been a lot of unpleasant incidents that the teams have been facing. In some of the incidents, at the beginning of October, First Touch Academy had to travel from Limpopo to Cape Town by bus and drove back home after the match. Bloemfontein Celtic Ladies are also another team that had to travel a round trip of over 2000 kilometres when they were playing University of Western Cape in the Mother City. The recent incident was last month when a National League match between First Touch and the University of Johannesburg was delayed by 90 minutes after the assigned referees failed to pitch up on time. Safa interim CEO Gay Mokoena admitted that there have been challenges. However, they have managed to sort them out to make things easy for the women teams that are competing in the league which will have 14 teams next year after JVW and Ma-Indies were promoted from the Sasol League to the National League. Talking at Safa House yesterday, Mokoena said: “We found out that the festival was quite costly because we were bringing everybody at the same venue at once. So we tried to ease the pressure on resources by splitting the games. “Travelling long distance is not acceptable we have identified that problem and will change the system. “At the moment the teams receive the funding and they decide how they travel.” Regarding the referees incident, Mokoena had this to said: “We regret the mistake that the referees did not pitch as they were not appointed in time. “But we have plans to ensure that mistake does not happen again. “We have discussed this with management.” The League still has no sponsor, but, Mokoena says that will not affect them this year as they have enough funds. “We have a potential sponsor. “We will brainstorm in January, we are working on that. “For the current financial year, the sponsorship funding might not come in time, but we have made arrangements and plans for the funding of the league.”