COMRADES Marathon champion Gerda Steyn ended her road running year with a bang when she added the Nelson Mandela Remembrance walk and run title to her growing list of achievements. Despite the gloomy weather, over 20 000 runners came out to support the annual marathon at the Union Buildings yesterday. The rain and cold conditions did not deter the thousands of runners from honouring the late state president. Steyn was running in her first Mandela race and she was determined to win it. This prominent road runner, who runs in the colours of the Nedbank Running Club, bagged top place on the podium in the 21.1km race when she stopped the clock in 1:15:26 to beat triple Soweto Marathon champion Irvette Van Zyl. The 29-year-old Free State-born runner, who ran an Olympic qualifying time in the New York City Marathon in the United States last month, has had a year to remember. She said that winning the race named after Mzansi’s first democratically elected president is the biggest highlight of her career. Steyn, who cemented her place as the best female runner in Mzansi this year, said she is now looking forward to visiting her fiancé in Dubai for a well-deserved holiday. Steyn said: “Winning this race is a dream come true for me. It has been an amazing year for me. Now I can go on holiday and resume my season later in January. I’m just looking forward to spending quality time with my fiancé.” In the men’s race University of Pretoria based athlete Collen Mulaudzi, who is Stephen Mokoka’s training partner, defended his half-marathon title. Mulaudzi finished the race in 1:06:10 ahead of former Olympian Sibusiso Nzima and his Boxer Running Club mate Lucky Mohale. Mandela’s eldest grandchild Ndileka Mandela and Gauteng MEC for Sport Mbali Hlophe welcomed Steyn and Mulaudzi on the finishing line. Ndileka Mandela said the rain is a sign of blessing and that his grandfather would have been happy with the weather if he were alive. She said: “This race gives our people hope. We want to thank the people of Mzansi for coming out in big numbers to support our event.”