IF XHOSA boys reach the age of 20 without being circumcised, they risk being teased. However, Oorin Mapoe from Arcadia, Port Elizabeth, has left it until the age of 37. “I should have been circumcised a long time ago but smoking drugs and mixing with the wrong friends delayed me,” he said. The father of four said his aunt organised everything for him so he could go to the mountain. “My family tree is made up of Coloureds, Indians and Xhosas, so I chose to be circumcised in the Xhosa way. Age means nothing to me. Going to initiation has taught me to be independent and live a clean life,” said Oorin. “I should be a role model to my three daughters and son. I must teach them gangs and drugs are not the way to go.” His ikhankatha, Nyameko Jacobs (39), said Oorin was the oldest initiate but he was amazing. “At first, when his family asked me to look after him, I had doubts whether he would respect me. I’ve been with him for two weeks now and he’s doing very well,” he said. Oorin said when he graduates on Saturday, there would be a big celebration at home. So far, 17 initiates have died of dehydration in the Eastern Cape this season. Last weekend, Premier Oscar Mabuyane urged traditional healers to allow initiates to drink water. “We are facing global warming. It’s very important to give the initiates water,” he said. Jacobs told Daily Sun in the past, initiates used to drink water mixed with white clay. “But times have changed and the heat is very strong. I allow them to drink as much water as their bodies need,” he said. However, Jacobs said he still obeyed all the other initiation rules. “When the boy has just been circumcised, he’s not allowed to eat food with salt and meat. He can only eat it when I say so, depending on his progress at school,” he said. “Amakhankatha, iingcibi and traditional leaders must understand that initiation school is not a place for punishment or a place to settle scores. “What was done to you in the past as a punishment, don’t take it out on initiates,” he added. “I have successfully healed hundreds of boys since I was a trainee under my late mentor Mpumelelo “Macici” Tsitsi. I became independent after his death in March 2013 ,” he said. . Let the boys enjoy their passage to manhood. We want all of them to go back home alive,” he said. Jacobs said he had not lost a single initiate since 2006. Traditional affairs department spokesman Mamkeli Ngam said 61 cases relating to initiation schools had been opened this season and 19 arrests were made.