While you may typically use Vicks VapoRub on your chest or throat when you have flu, some women have found other interesting uses for it. In fact, some women use it to "tighten" their punanis. Lehlohonolo Mofokeng, a 35-year-old mother of two who lives in Molapo in Soweto, says that Vicks works wonders for her in spicing things up in the bedroom. "I found that smearing Vicks on my vagina makes it swell and it becomes more sensitive and tighter. The first time I used it, my boyfriend was surprised and said that he felt like he was sleeping with a virgin. He struggled to penetrate me, which most men enjoy," she said. Mofokeng says that she stumbled upon the remedy while discussing sex with her girlfriends. "Some of the recommendations my friends gave were snuff, specifically the minty flavoured one in the green container. But I was scared to use snuff. I also did not think my man would enjoy my vagina smelling like snuff, so I opted for Vicks instead, with the same result." Other methods that Mofokeng mentioned included Dettol antiseptic liquid, which is supposedly poured in warm water before one immerses her punani in it. China Fruit also popped up as a popular remedy because it is ingested; unlike the rest which require direct contact. All these, Mofokeng said, will make a woman enjoy sex more and keep her partner happy. "Try it and you will thank me later," she said confidently. Gynaecologist Dr Mpume Zenda, however, disagrees. "I get why women would think that these remedies work. It is the same effect as using an ice block on your lips to give the illusion of fuller, more plump lips. Unfortunately, these things could potentially be harmful to the vagina," she said. She went on to give a stern warning against the use of DIY treatments mentioned below: 1. Vicks The lining of the vagina is very sensitive, and Vicks's burning sensation could burn and damage it. You could also end up with severe skin irritation. 2. Snuff Snuff will lead to your blood vessels opening up, but could also lead to them clotting. Snuff could also lead to a change of your vagina's PH levels. 3. Dettol It is a disinfectant, which means it contains potentially harsh chemicals, especially when exposed to a sensitive vagina. 4. China Fruit The problem with China Fruit is that it is not regulated. We do not know what ingredients go into it, as well as how harmful it can be to our bodies. Also, it has not been scientifically proven to tighten the vagina. 