Just over a week ago, influencer, model, photographer, businesswoman Thickleeyonce who is also rapper Boity Thulo's cousin nearly lost her life following a horrid car accident, but she is currently recovering very well. The socialite, whose real name is Lesego Legobane revealed through her social media today that, even DRs were amazed by her speedy recovery. ALSO READ: 'GOD PROTECTED ME' She said: "My doctors are calling it a miracle, most people who have accidents like mine barely make it out alive , and if they do then their injuries take months / years to heal. I’m happy to let you all know that my 7 hour long operation was a success yesterday, so thank you all for your prayers. I AM WALKING AGAIN?? God is so good." "I’ll be leaving ICU and going to a normal ward, I’ll soon be able to pee in the bathroom again (but obviously with the help of my nurses) ??????. And before I know it, I’ll be home. My God is a living God. I cannot believe any of this." "He truly is so kind to me. I’m still in a lot of pain, I still scream and cry when I have to sit or get up or when someone touches my upper body but I am strong and I am a fighter. I SURVIVED THE WORST AND NOW I FEAR NOTHING!!! ???? my doctors are calling it a miracle, most people who have accidents like mine barely make it out alive , and if they do then their injuries take months / years to heal. I’m happy to let you all know that my 7 hour long operation was a success yesterday, so thank you all for your prayers. I AM WALKING AGAIN?? God is so good. I’ll be leaving ICU and going to a normal ward, I’ll soon be able to pee in the bathroom again (but obviously with the help of my nurses) ??????. And before I know it, I’ll be home. My God is a living God. I cannot believe any of this. He truly is so kind to me. I’m still in a lot of pain, I still scream and cry when I have to sit or get up or when someone touches my upper body but I am strong and I am a fighter. I SURVIVED THE WORST AND NOW I FEAR NOTHING!!! ???? A post shared by  thickleeyonce@gmail.com (@thickleeyonce) on Dec 2, 2019 at 11:30pm PST