THE inability, if not Safa’s supposed failure, to attract major sponsors has been reflected in the huge loss reported by the football association at their annual general meeting (AGM) this week. Though attributed largely to a lack of TV broadcast rights, the loss doesn’t paint a glowing picture of the organisation or the people charged with the administration of football in the country. At the AGM, Safa announced a massive loss running into tens of millions for the year ending in June, and there is no hiding the facts. The association is not generating sufficient funds to maintain a strong balance sheet, which goes beyond having more assets than liabilities. It is even a bigger loss when you consider that they lost just under R20 million in the previous financial year. But the over-arching question is: Why is the association is not appealing to corporate SA? Why does it seem like no-one wants to touch the custodians of football with a barge pole? Fact is it is essentially impossible to run football administration without key funding from the private sector. One need not look further than the tortoise-slow plan to fast-track football development at schools. This is despite the promise made when Safa were granted the legal right to control school’s football as far back as March. For the record, there are nearly 24 000 schools in South Africa, but football is only played in about 9 000 of them. The association have announced a turn-around strategy and a recovery plan, which includes austerity measures to cut costs. Among them is the resolution to introduce subscription fee for membership. The unprecedented but innovative move could go some way towards alleviating poverty at the association. There is also the four-year SABC broadcast rights deal, which is key for prospective sponsorship negotiations. The SA Breweries have also agreed to renew their sponsorship for Bafana Bafana for a further four years. And there are further revenue opportunities with the satellite TV rights. But for far too long now, Safa have been on the verge of concluding, if not finalising negotiations for a plethora of groundbreaking deals to generate long term and sustainable funding. It all sounds like a fairytale, more like Eskom vowing to keep the lights on. Just clean your image and get corporate SA on board, Safa. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter via @Kgomotsso