 Lerato
Sengandi goes against the wishes of HHP's family. This week, she accepted the late
star's latest honour at the Wall of Fame held at Africa Museum. HHP
was mentioned with other hip hop artists for their contribution in the music
industry. His family banned her from
accepting his lifetime achievement award at the SAMA awards earlier this year
and accused her of using his name for publicity. But despite the drama, Lerato
said at the time that she was excited to be accepting the gong on his behalf. "I'm just excited and really honoured to stand on that
stage on his behalf and receive it," Sengadi said. This time she said accepted the award, bestowed upon the late
Motswako rapper. She took to her Instagram and wrote: "Last night my
husband was inducted into the South African Hip Hop Museum “Hall of Fame”.
These kind of moments are always bitter sweet because I wish with every fiber
of my being that he was here to receive his own accolades, that he worked so hard
for. I can’t even hide the sadness in my eyes. But I am also SO proud of my
Motho. Ke Bosso for real! He continues to inspire me to be great and fearless
every single day! Cheers to another first Motho waka. Another first of many
more firsts to come. You definitely ain’t done yet... Hip Hop you the love of
my life...”  Last night my husband was inducted into the South African Hip Hop Museum “Hall of Fame”. These kind of moments are always bitter sweet because I wish with every fiber of my being that he was here to receive his own accolades, that he worked so hard for. I can’t even hide the sadness in my eyes. But I am also SO proud of my Motho. Ke Bosso for real! He continues to inspire me to be great and fearless every single day! Cheers to another first Motho waka. Another first of many more firsts to come. You definitely ain’t done yet... I’ma make sure of that! “Hip Hop you the love of my life...” - The Roots • • • Congratulations to all the other recipients. Like Biggie said “You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far...” ???? • • • ??: @kagisoclegotlo / @9th_block_productions A post shared by  Lerato Sengadi (@leratolicious1) on Dec 6, 2019 at 12:11am PST 