THERE is much hype around the new Volkswagen T-Cross, which is selling in big numbers. As predicted Mzansi car buyers are obsessed with the T-Cross. Our test car was the T-Cross Highline with the optional R-Line package that gives it a sporty appearance. The T-Cross squares off against established rivals the likes of the Ford EcoSport, Suzuki Vitara, Mazda CX-3 and Renault Captur, all of which are quite competent and well-liked. But these SUVs have to fear the T-Cross since the VW badge is always sought-after, and it’s quite a looker too. Unlike the Polo and the Golf, Volkswagen has decided to give the T-Cross a more daring design, while the R-Line treatment enhances the eye-catching appearance even further. In addition, interior is quite attractive with a top-notch fit and finish. Our test car was well-equipped with all the necessary features and we especially liked the infotainment system that instantly pairs with Android or Apple smartphones. The interior space is sufficient too for a car of its size and naturally it comes with other typical SUV credentials too such as practicality. The boot space is 377L and the rear seats are split 60:40. This increases the loading bay up to 455L. As with most Volkswagen models, the T-Cross is a car that you can get into and instantly feel comfortable in. It is an easy-to-drive car and the steering is light and precise.  The 1.0L turbocharged engine is quite willing and performs well, while the DSG automatic transmission offers smooth and slick gear changes. Although the T-Cross is a pleasant car to drive, the ride can be a bit hard, which is probably the result of the R-Line package’s low-profile 18-inch wheels. It is hard not to like the T-Cross and is probably going to become one of the top-selling SUVs in Mzansi. But most of its rivals make a strong case for themselves too and many of them such as the EcoSport even offer better value for money since the T-Cross is pricey. FACTBOX Price: From R334 600 Engine: 1.0L turbo petrol Power: 85kW Torque: 200Nm Fuel Economy: 5.3L/100km