 VUMANI BO? The Amakhosi have spoken and the so called “Pie Rats” will win! THE AMABHAKABHAKA WILL BEAT AMAKHOSI TOMORROW! “Orlando Pirates will win. The final score will be 2-0,” said sangoma Skhunisivuthemanzini Mkhize from Meadowlands, Soweto. As Daily Sun watched, the sangoma threw his bones and shook his head. “Bad luck is hanging over Kaizer Chiefs. I don’t see them scoring any goals,” he said, speaking about tomorrow’s Absa Premiership league match at FNB Stadium. When he threw the bones again to check on Orlando Pirates he nodded. “All the signs are bright. They will win!” he said. He said his bones told him Kaizer Chiefs had a lot to do. “There is a black cloud hanging over them. They need to work hard to get rid of it.” He said the team either needed to perform a cleansing ceremony or see a powerful sangoma to get their luck back. “They’ve run out of luck. They need to renew it by undergoing rituals,” he said. He said his bones are never wrong. Another sangoma, Nqobizitha Mbatha from Zone 4 in Meadowlands, Soweto threw her bones and yawned. “Things are not looking good for the Amakhosi. This will be a good but very tough game,” she told Daily Sun. She said the two teams might play to a 0-0 draw. “But Kaizer Chiefs will have it hard.” She said there was something missing at Kaizer Chiefs. “There are things the boys need to stop doing. When they know they have a game coming they must abstain from some of the things they do and focus on the game,” she said. She said according to the bones, Pirates looked promising. The Soweto giants met three times in 2018 and in all three matches, Pirates beat Kaizer Chiefs. Additional reporting by: Kgomotso Sethusha LET THE BEST WIN! MILUTIN “Micho” Sredojevic feels like a university student heading for the exam room ahead of the Soweto derby. Without an exam “scope”, the Orlando Pirates coach doesn’t quite know what “Professor” Ernst Middendorp, his Kaizer Chiefs counterpart, has prepared for him in the 166th derby showdown set for FNB Stadium tomorrow (3.30pm). Micho has already faced off with ex-Chiefs coaches Steve Komphela, Giovanni Solinas and now pit his wits against Middendorp in Mzansi’s biggest match in the southern hemisphere. It’s exactly 13 years since the two mentors last crossed swords – both occupying the very same positions. “This is the same as preparing for an exam, but under a different professor,” explained Micho. “We had Steve, who had the team that was tactically-organised. Then it was coach Solinas who was extremely offensive, taking more care of the attacking part than the defensive part. Between the tactical acumen of Steve and attacking part of Solinas, we are facing a combination of both. So we have to find vulnerabilities in the Chiefs solid defence and identify points of danger in their attack. “It’s an extremely complex job. We’ll have what it takes to dig deep for results.” Micho underplayed the fact that Bucs are unbeaten in ninth consecutive derbies and have the upper hand. Yet derbies are as unpredictable as the state of the nation address, and Amakhosi can’t be written off in such grudge matches. Middendorp is not new to the Soweto derby and has spoken about the memories of fun, entertainment and success. But it’s a different ball game this time around, with Amakhosi battling to end a barren trophy-less run of four seasons now. It’s much more than pride for Chiefs, who are desperate as ever for a derby win and maximum points. They trail third-placed Bucs by five points from 19 matches. “I’d like to see more commitment, bravery and more ambition. With due respect to the other league games, this one has a certain element. You don’t even know as a player what you have in the tank,” said Middendorp. “We’ve done our preparation so far, analysed their last game live at the stadium. It should be an interesting game.” Micho recalls how Middendorp’s current assistant, Shaun Bartlett, broke his heart with a last-minute equaliser the last time the two coaches met back in 2006. “It’s that old feeling again, the famous match just before the FNB Stadium could be closed for the 2010 World Cup refurbishment. Thirteen years later we are back at the same venue. It is really an honour and privilege to be involved in the game of such magnitude,” said Micho.  