Ford has unveiled the new Focus ST with 209kW and 420Nm.
Power comes from a 2.3-litre EcoBoost four-pot petrol engine with a twin-scroll
turbo. All them horses are available at 5,500 rpm and the torque is
available from 3,000 rpm to 4,000 rpm. Ford calls the engine the most free-revving Focus ST engine
ever. Ford says that the new Focus ST will do the 0-100km/h sprint in less than
six seconds, which is just being shady honestly. A hot hatch is not all about straight line speed. It has to
be fun around bends too. For that, the new Focus ST is the first front-wheel
drive, Ford to get an electronic limited-slip differential. The eLSD Ford says, delivers sharpened responses to grip
levels and driver inputs using a computer controlled pre-emptive actuation. Power is transferred to the front wheels using either a
6-speed manual or a 7-speed automatic transmission. For the first time in a
Focus ST, there’s a new drive mode select option that’ll allow drivers to
change the character of the car depending on the scenario. There’s rev-matching technology to help those of us who
haven’t mastered the art of heel and toe. The system uses tech like the
Continuously Controlled Damping (CCD) which is standard on five-door ST models. “Intelligent technologies like eLSD and CCD make our all-new
Focus ST the most ‘Jekyll and Hyde’ yet, able to switch from refined tourer to
focussed performance car at the push of a button,” said Leo Roeks, Ford
Performance director, Europe. There’s a Performance Pack option which will give you a
Track mode, standard STs only get Slippery/Wet, Normal, Sports modes. Track mode will make braking response more “direct and edgy,
loosen up the stability control and also let the eLSD know that it’s time to
deliver maximum traction. Oh, the all-important launch control is also only available
with the performance pack. But all of this will not matter if Ford decides not to bring
the new Focus ST to Mzansi. Remember the new Fiesta ST will not be coming. Ford citing
poor fuel quality as the reason for not bringing it here. So fingers crossed to
the new Focus ST making it to our shores.