THIS KZN high school teacher is making older people reconsider going back to school. The photos of the curvy teacher have been circulating on social media and have been met with mix reactions. In the photos she is smartly dressed, with fancy looking clothes. However, that is not sitting well with some social media users saying she is dressed inappropriately and that learners would lose focus in class. The teacher from Majuba District, Lulu Menziwa (26) said there is nothing wrong with the way she dresses because the clothes are not revealing. “No matter what I can wear, the shape of my body will always show.”Lulu said the children, particularly the boys she teaches don’t see her as a potential girlfriend when she in class and that they pay attention to the content of what is being taught. “Young boys in class, when they look at me, they don’t see me as their potential girlfriend, when I’m in class I’m their mom. “I’m a professional, I do everything professionally,” she said. Lulu told the People’s Paper that she likes to look proper when she goes to work.  “I have a clothing line, normally when I dress up, I wear clothes that are in my clothing line. “That is why I would always post photos, she added, “And I like to look nice." “I believe in that when you dressed nicely, looking beautiful, it can even boost yourself esteem and confidence,” she said.She the photos are taken after working hours, during extra class and she asks her colleague to snap the pictures. KZN education spokesman Muzi Mahlambi there is a lot of expectation when it comes to teachers. He said that teachers are always under scrutiny. He said if there are dissatisfactions with the way teachers dress, people should follow proper channels and go to the school principal.  ¦ On Twitter @MandiMALS said: “This is not a teacher is a model, busy asking pupils/colleagues to take her pictures while we have a problems with education system and passing rates nci nci nci...” ¦@ronald_lethuba said: Is she a teacher or model? Bayo feila abantwana la! ¦@Chiloaner tweeted: “That’s a good motivation and dress to kill so learners can be motivated and study hard to be like their teachers.” ¦@Nelisiwe_penelo twitted: “This is self love! nothing too short or too revealing here.” 