Jeppe SAPS are urging students from the University of
Johannesburg who are victims of robbery in Doornfontein to help with an
identity parade. This is after three students were recently robbed of their
cell phones on two different dates around the Doornfontein University’s campus
by two suspects, who have since been arrested. Jeppe SAPS spokesman, Captain Richard Munyayi said the
suspects, both aged 19, were arrested on 13 February. “Two women were robbed of their cell phones when they were
coming from campus after studying on Currey and Buxton streets,” said Richard. “The suspects accosted the students, threatened them with
knives before searching their bags and subsequently taking their cell phones,”
he added. Richard also said the victims ran back to the campus and the
security personnel came to their rescue and managed to arrest the suspects. “They then took them to their guard room and called the police,”
he said. Richard also said on 12 February, another 24-year-old
student was also robbed on her way to a bus heading to the campus. According to Richard, this incident happened on Siveright
Avenue and Era Street, just a stone’s throw away from where the other two
students were robbed. “She was walking when she noticed a man following her and
she tried walking faster to avoid him catching up but she noticed another man
waiting for her under a bridge,” said Richard. “Both men approached her and the one who came from behind
grabbed her school bag while the other one who was waiting under the bridge
took her cell phone and they both ran away,” he added. Richard also said police suspect that the two arrested
suspects could be the same suspects who robbed both women. He is appealing to other victims to come forward and do an
identity parade to identify if these suspects are the ones who are committing
the crime in and around Doornfontein and nearby areas. “Students and the community at large should be careful when
walking around these places. Students should make sure they walk in groups to
avoid being targeted,” said Richard.