NOT everyone likes to exercise in spite of making another New Year’s resolution to do so. But how can people get motivated to exercise? If they have a dog as a pet, they already have the answer. A new exercise trend unites people and their fur babies for a fun experience. Dr Guy Fyvie, nutrition adviser at Hill’s Pet Nutrition, said: “Using your pet as an excuse to exercise is a great way to get outdoors, sweat a little and bond all at the same time. “Exercising with your dog – especially when you are used to exercising indoors at the gym – will be a new experience that benefits both you and your dog.” Dogs are like small children. If you don’t give them something constructive to do and use up their energy, they will find other, destructive ways to get rid of energy. Exercising your dog gives her or him the opportunity to put their energy into something constructive, as well as getting fit and staying healthy. “Often we think running is the only choice we have when it comes to exercising with our dogs, however if you are not a runner and your dog is getting older, this might not be the best choice.” Other exercise options - Hiking is great exercise and it can be done at your own pace. - If your dog likes water, supervised swimming is great for older dogs as it is a low-impact sport that strains their joints less. Also, with Mzansi in the grip of heatwaves, swimming and shorter exercise sessions avoid heat stroke. - Dogs love tugs-of-war and fetch – it’s also great strength training. Bring a sturdy section of branch or toss a frisbee. No matter where you live, there is always an option to exercise outdoors with your dog. Living in Gauteng? Why not try out Walkhaven in Zwartkop or Fairie Glen in Pretoria? Cape Town has many options including the Sea Point Promenade and Newlands Forest. People in Durban can exercise their dogs at Albert Park and the Glenholme Nature Reserve. If in doubt, go online and you’ll be amazed at what you find when searching for places suitable for you and your pet.