BERNARD Parker has had enough of Orlando Pirates tormenting Kaizer Chiefs in their past three meetings. Pirates have harassed Amakhosi 2-1 in the first round of their Absa Premiership in October last year, having thrashed them 3-1 in the second round last season. Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic’s charges also enjoyed a 2-1 win over the Ernst Middendorp coached side in the Telkom Knockout semi-final. But now Parker says they must put a STOP to Pirates’ free run over them, especially after acquiring the services of Nigerian goalkeeper, Daniel Akpeyi, who will be thrown in the deep end. The former Chippa United goalie came at the right time when Chiefs’ goal posts were left wide open after the injury of their best goalkeeper and captain, Itumeleng Khune. He has been ruled out for the season while nursing a shoulder injury. Khune left a house in a mess with Virgil Vries leaking goals like a fishnet, but Parker is confident the Namibian will improve. The 32-year-old Parker says they will turn things around against Pirates on Saturday when they meet in another much-awaited Soweto derby at FNB Stadium (3.30pm). The veteran player was at pains in Naturena yesterday while addressing the media – four days ahead of the big day. Chiefs are on their longest run without success against Bucs in the club’s 49-year history. Chiefs’ 11-match winless run against Bucs dates back to December 2014, and it’s also a joint-record for both sides in the derby. Pirates also had a run of 11 games without a win against their rivals between May 1985 and November 1988. “We’re well aware of what happened in our last three encounters (against Pirates),” said Parker about a match expected to attract a full capacity at the stadium again, while being watched by millions on TV. “We know what the feeling is like when things don’t go your way. We don’t want our fans to have stress anymore.” He revealed that their players came to training highly motivated and energetic since Monday. “No pressure,” he said. “But this is a must-win for us. With a positive energy you have seen here, it’s more mental for us now to play according to plan. We know if we do it right we will come out victorious” Chiefs have been inconsistent, having lost their last league game 1-0 to Benni McCarthy’s Cape Town City on 30 January. Like an old stuck record, Parker has reiterated that they are stressed that they have been doing everything right except scoring. Chiefs midfielder George Maluleka says making less mistakes is important if they are to swing the game in their favour. “I mean 100% is not good enough in such matches. We don’t want to disappoint our supporters again.”