Local media star, Lerato Kganyago has come to the defense of “strong black women” over what she sees as the habit of pulling them down. This as the media’s obsession over pitting American rappers Nicki Minaj and Cardi B against each other continues. On Sunday, Cardi made history when she became the first solo female rapper to win the Best Rap Album at the Grammys. This sparked a global conversation on why it is that Nicki, one of the most prolific rappers of all time, has never won the award. READ ALSO: STOP LINKING LKG TO EVERY MAN It also, as is the nature of Twitter, made Nicki the butt of an endless stream of jokes with people claiming that she is bitter, or that she deserves to not win. In the midst of everything, USA media giant, Black Entertainment Television (BET) shaded Nicki over never having won an award that took Cardi only one year to win. The channel shared an article about Cardi’s win on Twitter but captioned it “Meanwhile, Nicki Minaj is being dragged by her lacefront”. BET later apologized to Nicki for the shady tweet by it was all too little too late for Nicki who has since pulled out of the forthcoming BET Experience Concert where she was scheduled to appear. ICYMI: HOSTING WITH BONANG WAS LKG'S "DARKEST DAY"! “Young Money will no longer be a part of the BET Experience or award show. Summer Tour dates dropping soon,” she said. BET’s tweet left many black women around the world offended by the spiteful tweet and they have taken to their social media to express their views. Our very own LKG jumped on the bandwagon with her own two cents on the matter. “Instead of celebrating Black People like they supposed to, they unnecessarily dragged Nicki for nothing! So much for an award ceremony that’s supposed to celebrate black excellence! Hope they apologize...but then again Black Women being disrespected has become a norm,” she said. CARDI B AND NICKI MINAJ'S SPICY BEEF She went on to say that black women across the globe are the most disrespected people of their nations and that she no longer blames colonization because it seems to have become a matter of habit. “Transformed how when your own people work tirelessly to pull you down? I used to blame colonization but this is just a terrible habit that’s clearly not going to go away and if you speak on it, you are the next target, I see it happen a lot at home and it’s really disheartening,” she went on. She went on to say that what is sad about being a black woman in entertainment is that even if you do stand up for yourself, you then become a target. “I’ve realized that any strong black women in the music/arts industry that stands up for herself, will always be targeted, by the public and companies, it happens here often,” LKG preached. READ AGAIN: CARDI B'S HISTORY-MAKING NIGHT AT THE GRAMMYS! The MetroFM DJ was quite adamant about her stance and vehemently defended herself against a troll who called her “rubbish” and insinuated that she isn’t a black person, just a celebrity. In true LKG style, a fire clapback was ready and waiting. “Rubbish is you thinking I don’t have an opinion. So wena since you are an artist, as you CLAIM, you should not have an opinion about things that affect you, your work or your country? Stupidity is you putting me into a celebrity box and thinking I’m going to stay there, silly dog,” LKG clapped back. 