HIGHLANDS Park head coach Owen Da Gama has explained why the club decided against signing former Kaizer Chiefs winger, Mandla Masango. The Mpumalanga born player is a free agent as he has been without a job for over a year after parting ways with Danish side Randers FC. The 29-year-old started training with Highlands last month and was hoping to impress as he is trying to resurrect his dying career. But the Lions of The North coach Da Gama said it would not made sense for them to sign the Bafana Bafana speedy winger as they are focusing on strengthening areas where they are really struggling. He said: “I think what we tried to do was to give Mandla some fitness but as time goes on we had to focus on what is strategic signing that we must make, what is important to sign. “We’ve got a lot of attacking players but in defence, midfielder and goalkeeping we still battling a little, but we also realised that the players we have are just good as Mandla (Masango).” Da Gama added:“He is a quality player and there’s no doubt about it, but we decided not to waste his time but to let him go try his luck somewhere else because we already have what he offers in our attacking line. The former SA Under-23 coached revealed that they are targeting three players but did not want to divulge their names. “We got our eye on three other players who will be strategic signings. You do not just sign a player because he is available I think Highlands Park paid the price for that when they came up few seasons ago. "They signed left right centre because they were lot of players available," he stated. Masango spent a number of seasons with Chiefs, but he was instrumental for the Soweto giants under former coach Stuart Baxter where he won the PSL title during the 2014-15 Absa Premiership campaign. However, he left Chiefs four seasons ago to join Randers FC in Denmark, but he has been clubless since he left in July 2017.He also spent six months at SuperSport United on loan from Randers under Baxter.