HIGHLANDS Park coach Owen Da Gama has praised Bidvest Wits mentor Gavin Hunt for his club’s terrific form in the PSL. Da Gama says it’s not by pure luck that the Clever Boys find themselves at the top of the Absa Premiership table with 37 points from 19 games. But Da Gama will be hoping to slow Hunt’s charges to the Premiership title by taking all the three points when the two teams do battle on Saturday afternoon (3.30pm) at Makhulong Stadium in Tembisa. Da Gama is determined to prevent Wits from completing the league double over his charges in front of their home crowd. Hunt’s boys laboured to a 1-0 victory when the two sides locked horns at Milpark Stadium in the first round. Another reason why Da Gama is desperate to avoid defeat is that his side has already lost two of their past league games against Mamelodi Sundowns and Golden Arrows. Another league defeat is likely to see his team’s confidence take a huge knock. Da Gama said: “The pressure to win this game is on Wits as they are being chased by Sundowns and Orlando Pirates. They cannot afford to drop points as they are pushing for the league title. “If we lose we would have lost against a quality team that is on top of the log with an experienced coach, who knows what he is doing. We are still finding our feet in the PSL and we have nothing to lose, but we have to fight hard to avoid losing three matches in a row.” Da Gama is banking on the support of the fans to come out in their numbers to get behind the team. The former SA Under-23 national team coach is also counting on senior players Tapuwa Kapini, Tendai Ndoro and Bevan Fransman to guide the youngsters in this big game. The Tembisa based outfit occupy 10th spot on the log with 22 points from 19 games. Da Gama said:“Makhulong is a different kettle of fish for us. We’ll rise to the occasion and make it difficult for Wits. We just have to limit our mistakes, concentrate and take our chances up front. Wits scored through a set-piece at Milpark. We have to guard against it and stand our ground.”