BANYANA Banyana coach Desiree Ellis is hoping to build up momentum at the 2019 Cyprus Women’s Cup as they step up their preparations for the Fifa Women’s World Cup in France. They will be making their maiden appearance at the quadrennial international football championship set to be staged in France from 7 June to 7 July. Ellis’ charges are looking to head into the tournament on the back of good preparation against quality European sides. The Cyprus Cup will offer Banyana the opportunity to test themselves against quality teams ahead of the World Cup. They play their first match of the invitational women’s football tournament this afternoon against Finland at the GSZ Stadium, Larnaca (1pm SA time). Banyana will be looking to improve on their sixth place finish in the last edition, which was their best ever in the competition – preferably win it or at worst end as runners up. They head to the tournament this year on the back of some encouraging results. They held their own against Netherlands and Sweden in international friendlies last month, and they will fancy their chances against teams of a similar quality. Ellis says they are looking forward to their opening match against the Pearl Owls as it will set the tone for the rest of the tournament. “We have seen two of their recent games, so we have an idea of what they are capable of,” said Ellis. “Yes, we showed players the opposition’s strength and weaknesses. But we also have the belief that we need to work on our team a little bit more. “As usual, we have a game plan and it will be up to the players to execute on the field.” Ellis says they will be looking to give some of the fringe players an opportunity during the course of the tournament. Defender Koketso Tlailane is set to miss the tie due to injury. She will be monitored to determine whether she can play a role in the rest of the games. Banyana have four players who are currently chasing milestones in Noko Matlou, Nompumelelo Nyandeni, Refilwe Jane and Thembi Kgatlana. Ellis says she could not guarantee that all of them would play enough games to reach those milestone during the Cyprus Cup. “The one that are one game away are the ones more likely to reach their milestones,” said Ellis. “We only have four games in the tournament and we want to give everyone an opportunity, but we will try our best to get them there.”