GAUTENG police have nabbed two suspects for the brutal murder of the two security guards in  Hillbrow, Joburg last week. The arrest also led to the recovery of the gun that the two guards were allegedly killed for. Police spokesman, Captain Mavela Masondo said in a statement, “Since the reporting of the murder, police have been working tirelessly to ensure that the suspects are behind bars and the stolen firearm is recovered. ALSO READ:GUARDS SHOT AND KILLED IN COLD BLOOD “Intelligence driven information led to the arrest of the suspects in Hillbrow and Berea on Saturday. “Police are still searching for the three suspects that are still at large,” he said. Furthermore, over the weekend, police recovered more than 12 unlicensed firearms that are believed to be used by the criminals during the commission of serious and violent crimes. These firearms were recovered during the intelligence driven operations that included road blocks, tracing of wanted suspects as well as stop and search. The new Gauteng Provincial Commissioner, Lieutenant General Elias Mawela, gave clear orders to the police in Gauteng that they should recover illegal firearms that are in circulation in the province and members are complying to the order. More operations are imminent in Gauteng to ensure that more firearms are recovered and that the communities are and feel safe all the time. Last week, five suspects accosted the guards who were sitting in the car. One of them was seen in CCTV footage firing several shots in the guard’s vehicle before reaching inside and disarming the life less bodies. The victims, Joseph Skhosana (45) and Bhekumuzi Mzolo (50) from National Security and Fire, were fatally shot and one firearm taken from them. Police recovered the firearm with a magazine and rounds after arresting the first suspect. The arrested suspects are expected to appear before Magistrate Courts within Gauteng from Monday, 18 February 2019. Last year, committed a similar crime in Soweto, which was caught on video.  Two guards were killed and their firearms were also taken from their lifeless bodies.  