WHILE load-shedding is keeping you in the dark, Africa’s first Netball World Cup is loading, and South Africa looks like the popular destination. The International Netball Federation (INF) will make the big announcement next month on who will host the 2023 netball spectacle between South Africa and New Zealand. Netball South Africa (NSA) has left no stone unturned in their bid to host the biggest event on the netball calendar. England will host the 16-team, 10-day 2019 World Cup, kicking off on 12-21 July in the city of Liverpool. Mzansi hopes to follow in England’s footsteps in four years’ time. NSA has learnt from the failed Rugby World Cup and the Africa Cup of Nations bids that left South Africans’ heart broken. Rugby lost to France and football lost to Egypt. But NSA is confident that South Africans will have something to celebrate when the announcement is officially made. The local netball body, in partnership with the department of sport, have presented a watertight 2023 World Cup bid to INF in Singapore. The Cape Town’s International convention Centre, is ready to welcome the world and host the first ever Netball World Cup in the continent. The INF have already visited Cape Town last month to inspect the infrastructure and transport modes. It will cost South Africa a whopping R68 million to host the World Cup. New Zealand have already hosted the competition three times, they have a powerful currency compared to the Rand and have world class facilities. But NSA is beaming with confidence, despite competing against strong contenders they will pull through as the world wants Africa to host it. There won’t be a voting process. INF will issue out a score card to the two countries, according to what they have seen in their evaluations during their visit and the winner will host the World Cup. NSA CEO Blanche de La Guerre said: “We will get it because we are ready and able to deliver a world class event. “We presented a well thought business plan with all capabilities. We can draw all spectators all over the world. If we don’t get it, we will never get it.” NSA president Cecilia Molokwane agrees: “We won’t lose the bid. That’a how confident we are about our chances of hosting this World Cup.”