  WHEN they sing, the vociferous Mamelodi Sundowns crowd can truly resurrect a dead man. The loud fans were in their element at Loftus Versfeld as the Brazilians edged Cape Town City 3-2 to go top of the Absa Premiership. Only a point separates them with closest rivals Bidvest Wits now. But this nervy win has sure restored confidence in the Downs camp. These are interesting times in the league title marathon, which is shaping up into a three... four, if not five-horse race. You'll be hard-pressed to find a poor first-half performance by Sundowns at Loftus this season. And it was no different last night as they burst out of the starting blocks, getting in front with a Lebohang Maboe 22nd minute goal. What followed next? Plenty of missed chances, just as it is customary for them at home. Gaston Sirino missed clear-cut chances, the worst in the 66th minute when he passed instead of sliding the ball in past ‘keeper Peter Leeuwenburgh. The Uruguayan was left looking like a man watching his house burn down fully aware that it was he who had left the stove on. He was duly yanked for Phakhamani Mahlambi soon afterwards and he is probably still be kicking himself this morning. Some poor officiating from referee Olani Kwinda didn’t help much. Not that we have seen better so far this season from the whistlemen in those unattractive colours. Matches between Downs and City always have an added spice and another crunch clash was always expected. The Citizens have been a thorn in the flash for Sundowns, even knocking them out of the top-eight early this season. They never sat back but took the fight to the home side, coming close to scoring through Riyaad Norodien early in. But it was the Brazilians who broke the ice as Maboe controlled Tebogo Langerman’s long punt before drilling home the opener in the 22nd minute. That was before Norodien levelled through a penalty just minutes into the seconds, Langerman having handled inside the box. Anthony Laffor, however, restored the lead, ramming in a rebound from Themba Zwane’s effort on the four mark. The goal revived some fading confidence as the noisy crowd amplified the volume in the stands. They seemed to urge on substitute Mahlambi, who added the third in the 88th minute. But it nearly ended badly for Downs as Kermit Erasmus grabbed the second for City, making for a really nervy ending.