Learners and members of the Community Policing Forum (CPF)
around Orlando in Soweto were given bicycles by the MMC for Transport in the
City of Joburg, Nonhlanhla Makhuba. The MMC partnered with Qhubeka (bicycle charity
organisation) and Volkswagen in distributing 150 bicycles to learners at
Lofentse Girls High and 43 bicycles to the CPF members. Happiness was the order of the day. CPF member, Mzwakhe Shabangu told Daily Sun that this
mode of transport will make their lives a lot easier. “We visit people in all places. Some are far, and some
are in areas where it’s impossible to get in using a car, like in the squatter
camps. Bicycles will help us a lot,” he said. Addressing the leaners and member of the CPF, MMC Makhuba
said that she was excited to witness yet another bicycle distribution through
the City of Johannesburg - Qhubeka partnership which began in 2015. She revealed that between 2017 – 2018 over 840 bicycles
had been distributed. Makhuba said that she was particularly excited by this
hand over because the distribution was aimed at girl learners. She explained that the initiative dubbed ‘Qhubeka’ is
based on the fact that the City in conjunction with its partners believes that
cycling Is an affordable mode of transport, particularly short distances. “It helps build healthier lifestyles. It also reduces the
use of cars which contributes to making our people sick and impacts negatively
on the environment,” she said. The MMC pleaded with the recipients not to sell their
bicycles as that would defeat the purpose of changing and empowering lives
through this vehicle which can be used to improve access to schools, clinics
and jobs. She specifically encouraged the learners to cycle in
groups and to utilise the cycling infrastructure which the City of Johannesburg
has constructed. Beyond that, she noted that learners should also consider
joining cycling clubs where they could be natured to take cycling as a sporting
code. She concluded by wishing the recipients good cycling and
encouraged them to ride safely at all times and essentially avoid cycling with
their earphones on