Renowned TV personality, director and business woman, Basetsana Kumalo has taken some time out to reflect on what she believes is her highest calling. The former Miss SA penned a love letter to her daughter recently in honour of her impact on her life. “She is a constant reminder of just how much love surrounds me and just how much God watches over me,” she said as she posted a picture of herself and her daughter. Bassie told her followers that she has been journaling her journey as a parent and documenting every special moment in her children’s lives. “When my eldest uNkosinathi was around 3 years [and] started talking and making proper sentences, my sister Johanna Mukoki gave me the best advice and said ‘girl have a journal where you write every single thing he says, those are priceless moments and you will forget them’. So I have kept a journal for each kid as they were/are growing up. Their sayings, their thoughts and their heart,” she revealed. Bassie said that her five-year-old daughter Bontle Ba Morena made her sit back and reflect on their lives as a family. “Everything you are is beautiful, you are my bright sunshine, your eyes are like twinkles. Do you know, the blood from my heart flows from your heart, you are my yummy marshmallow cookie and so delicious,” she said in dedication to her daughter. She called her journey as a mother the “highest calling” of her life and that her children are the best thing that could have ever happened to her. “You are my best, best, bestest friend in the whole wide world, your eyes are happy and pure. This energy, this gift, this angel , this treasure, this child, this little light of mine, this daughter I call my baby girl. Flesh of my flesh and bone of my bones! My life is beautiful and whole,” she ended off. She is a constant reminder of just how much love surrounds me and just how much God watches over me. When my eldest uNkosinathi was around 3 years, who is now at high school ?? where did the time go Nkosi yam’, started talking and making proper sentences, my sister @johannamukoki gave me the best advice and said “girl have a journal where you write every single thing he says, those are priceless moments and you will forget them.” So I have kept a journal for each kid as they were/are growing up. Their sayings, their thoughts and their heart.....Bontle Ba Morena soon to be 5 years, has made me reflect deeply today (my #TBT moment) • My heart is in your heart • Everything you are is beautiful • You are my bright sunshine • Your eyes are like twinkles • Do you know, the blood from my heart flows from your heart • You are my yummy marshmallow cookie and so delicious • You are the best thing that’s ever happened to me. • You are the best mommy I have ever had (as if she has another one....right ??!) • You are the best Mommy this side of town • Without the past there is no future, you are my future • You are my best, best, bestest friend in the whole wide world • Your eyes are happy and pure • Do you know what Mommy, everything is going to be okay •You are so so so cute! .....these are only just a few unexpected astounding utterances I get to hear from this being, this energy, this gift, this angel , this treasure, this child, this little light of mine, this daughter I call my baby girl. Flesh of my flesh and bone of my bones! My life is beautiful and whole! ?????? #RaisingMyChildren #MyHighestCalling A post shared by  Basetsana Kumalo (@basetsanakumalo) on Feb 21, 2019 at 6:51am PST   