THE 100m sprint towards the 2018-19 Absa Premiership finish line is nicely taking shape. And this weekend, the fight for top honours, will go full steam. The good thing is that all teams vying for the championship are playing this weekend, and are equal on number of matches played, except Mamelodi Sundowns who still have a game in hand But Sundowns coach, Pitso Mosimane, is aware that matches in hand don’t calculate as points, but they are going to have to fight for maximum points against their opposition. And their pulsating 3-2 win against Cape Town City FC at Loftus on Wednesday was a step in the right direction for Mosimane, but in all honesty Benni McCarthy, CT City coach, deserved something out of it. Interestingly, Bidvest Wits were hanging at the top of the table with 38 points from 21 matches on Wednesday afternoon –  but all that changed when Sundowns laboured to the 3-2 win over CT City. Now the Brazilians of Chloorkop are a point above Gavin Hunt’s boys. Mosimane has said that when he is on top, he never wants to let go. But it was Hunt’s punch line too, until their defeat to Highlands Park (2-1), draw with Black Leopards and Sundowns, 1-1 respectively ­ - dropping seven points in the process. But Mosimane is worried about Celtic: “I just hope Celtic don’t disturb us.” Such is football where banana peels are thrown all over and any team slips and falls hard. There is now third placed Orlando Pirates who are breathing heavily behind Wits’ necks seeking two more wins to join in the fray of title hopefuls. It is the dog-eat-dog scenario now where teams must win their remaining nine matches, which carries a whopping 27 points – amazingly all those outside of the top eight don’t have those kind of points, but they can still amass it in nine outings. One might be tempted to argue that there is still time for teams to position themselves for places at the top, but that will depend on results from other matches. Interestingly Bloemfontein Celtic come as the kingmakers in this race for the championship, with their next matches against Mamelodi Sundowns at Loftus Versfeld Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). From there on they will take a short bus trip to Orlando Stadium to meet the ambitious Pirates on 9 March, before the equally testing encounters against leaders Bidvest Wits on 15 March. In April they will still play Benni McCarthy’s fourth placed Cape Town City FC as they decide who will lift it. But Wits must be worried too as they face CT City at home in Milpark this weekend in what will be an explosive clash with McCarthy hoping to resurrect their title dreams after defeat to Sundowns. Elsewhere, Owen Da Gama, the Highands Park coach, has thrown a threat to Kaizer Chiefs and promised to completely dash any bit of hope of picking up the log ladder, by defeating them. “We will defeat Chiefs,” Da Gama said this week. And he is absolutely correct to have faith in his players, not shy away from speaking his mind, but will Ernst Middendorp be intimidated by threats made during a sponsorship event in Tembisa? That will be decided in Durban on Saturday where Chiefs have taken this match. FIXTURES Wed, 27 Feb 2019 Mamelodi Sundowns v Cape Town City FC (Loftus Versfeld Stadium, 7.30pm) Fri, 1 Mar 2019 Maritzburg United v AmaZulu (Harry Gwala Stadium, 8pm) Sat, 2 Mar 2019 Mamelodi Sundowns v Bloemfontein Celtic (Loftus Versfeld Stadium, 3.30pm); Free State Stars v Black Leopards (Goble Park, 6pm); Kaizer Chiefs v Highlands Park (Moses Mabhida Stadium, 6pm); Bidvest Wits v Cape Town City FC (Bidvest Stadium, 8.15pm); Golden Arrows v Orlando Pirates (Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium, 8.15pm) Sun, 3 Mar 2019 Baroka FC v Polokwane City (Peter Mokaba Stadium, 3.30pm); Chippa United v SuperSport United (Sisa Dukashe Stadium, 3.30pm)  