The effects of load shedding are felt by different business owners and ordinary people in the Kasi. Yesterday Daily Sun spoke to a few people in around Soweto about how load shedding affects their business and their everyday life. At Vuyo funerals in Orlando West, the power might be off but the dead will stay cold. Marketing Manager Sibongile Zikalala conceded that they are affected by load shedding, but said they manage to keep the bodies in the mortuary cold. “We have a mortuary and we have a generator because otherwise the bodies would decompose. “It also affect our systems because the telephones are not working when lights are out, making it difficult to communicate with our clients when they want to make funeral arrangements. ”She said they do have a cellphone as a backup, but they get many calls and the phone would at some point need to be charged. Floyd Khoza, of Khaabo Tombstones in Killarney said their business is dependent on electricity and load shedding is affecting their business. “It has affected us because it delays the erection of the tombstones and production so we need to make other arrangements. “When the electricity is off for a longer period, you are guaranteed to have five or six customers who are disappointed. ”He said that their backup generator can only operate one cutting machine at a time. Floyd said the biggest problems that have with load shedding is that it has a potential of delaying tombstone unveilings. Nozipho Vezi from a kota joint Caesars Chicken in Orlando said her worry is the food that they store in fridges. She said the food gets off when the power goes off. “When food gets spoiled, customers won’t appreciate buying that kind of food . . . forcing us to go and buy fresh food. ”She said they stock food in bulk and when there are power outages food in large quantities get spoiled. Nozipho also said that the power outages don’t affect the cooking part of the business because she has gas stoves and cylinders. However, she said the cooking with gas stoves is a bit slower than the electric stoves. Mapule Tshabalala (58) from Meadowlands said they are also feeling the effects of load shedding. “It affects us because we have a newborn baby in the house. “We constantly have to warm the milk up for the baby. We also need to get a flask so we will always have hot water for the child. ”She said it hist them hard when their bulk meat ¬– which they buy ahead for the whole month - goes off. “From now we won’t buy a lot of meat because it gets spoiled,” she said. Gauteng Health Department spokesman Lesemang Matuka said prolonged load shedding will ultimately lead to a high cancellation rate of booked theatre cases, overflow of surgical patients and increased expenditure on diesel. He said that so far they’ve checked with their facilities all is well. “We haven't experienced any interruptions,” he said. 