SASSA has warned beneficiaries to honour the review date. SASSA said most beneficiaries had their social grants stopped as they did not use the new methods of payments. “The changed method of social grant payments and closing of some cash pay points has resulted in confusion for some beneficiaries. SASSA has advised beneficiaries to consider using the post office, ATMs or merchants to withdraw payments,” said Senzeni Ngubeni, SASSA Mpumalanga spokesman. According to SASSA, before a social grant can be stopped or suspended, officials will notify beneficiaries to avail themselves for a review process for each grant. “In most cases, beneficiaries don’t honour the review date, which results in a lapsed and suspension of the social grant after a period of 90 days,” he said. In this case, beneficiaries are advised to visit the nearest SASSA office to apply for the restoration of a grant within 90 days to avoid suspension. Ngubeni said in the case where a social grant needed to be reviewed, a three-month notification will be provided in advance of the date of the review. He said the following factors may result in the suspension or lapsing of a grant: For more information, contact the Customer Care Unit on 013 754 9439/9428 or 0800 60 10 11 from 8am to 4pm on weekdays. SPEAKER of Parliament Baleka Mbete and her deputy Lechesa Tsenoli had an inspection walk of the Parliament precinct yesterday (Wednesday). The inspection was to check Parliament’s readiness for the State of the Nation Address today (Thursday). Officials showed Mbete how things will work from the red carpet area to the entrance. Speaking after the inspection, Mbete said: “At this point, we are putting the final touches and making sure things run smoothly tomorrow.” Last year, there were concerns about excessive security at the Parliament precinct ahead of SONA. Mbete said Parliament had to ensure everyone’s safety. “We have made arrangements that will make our people proud and safe. All three arms of the state are going to gather under the same roof. We have looked at every specific need, even on the security front,” said Mbete. Tsenoli said people should expect some inconveniences regarding security. “When people complained about the inconvenience of being searched, even Nelson Mandela himself told us a personal story with a protector in the US who told him ‘Sir when I say get down, you better get down’. “He was communicating to us that security can never have some degree of inconvenience,” said Tsenoli. • MEANWHILE, Education Union of South Africa will march to Parliament tomorrow as they want to present their grievances to President Cyril Ramaphosa before he addresses the nation. The City of Cape Town confirmed that’s the only march they were aware of so far. SASSA has warned beneficiaries to honour review dates. The agency said most beneficiaries no longer received grants because they did not use the new payment method. “The new method of payment, as well as the closure of some cash pay points, has resulted in confusion for some grant beneficiaries,” said Sassa Mpumalanga spokesman, Senzeni Ngubeni. “Sassa has advised beneficiaries to consider using the Post Office, ATMs or merchants to withdraw payments.” Before a social grant is stopped or suspended, officials notify beneficiaries to present themselves for a review process. “In most cases beneficiaries don’t honour the review date, which results in a grant suspension after 90 days,” he said. In this case, beneficiaries are advised to visit the nearest Sassa office to apply for the restoration of a grant. Ngubeni said when a social grant needed to be reviewed, a three-month notification is provided in advance.