 HER SON had taken drugs on his way to the cop shop and died in the cell yard.But his mother has no tears for her dead son.“I WON’T MISS HIM. I HOPE HE FINDS PEACE AT LAST,” SHE SAID.“He stole everything he could lay his hands on.”Lettie Letsogo (55) said her son was stealing to feed his habit. The loving mother even sent him to three rehabilitation centres. But it didn’t help. On Friday he was caught in his parents’ home after cops were called by residents who saw him going through the roof into the house. They bust him and took him to Tembisa Police Station with his father, Stephen Letsogo. But Lehlohonolo (24), from Elidinga section, Tembisa, Ekurhuleni overdosed on a huge number of unidentified pills he had in his pocket, which he took as they were travelling to the station. Cops were processing his case at the station when he collapsed in the cell yard. An ambulance was called to take him to hospital but when paramedics arrived they verified that he was dead. Lettie said she’s not sad that her son is dead. “People would have killed him eventually because he was not only stealing from our house but from everyone in the area.” She said the family had opened many cases of theft against him. “He stole the plasma television, bed linen, chairs, pots, food, meat and he even removed the burglar bars from our rooms. “We had no peace. We knew whatever we bought he was going to take it and sell it,” she said. “We suspect he was selling the goods to someone he knew. We wonder if that person didn’t feel guilty, buying things he knew were stolen.” Lettie said her son had a problem with drugs and nyaope. “We don’t blame cops because he overdosed on pills,” she said. “I’m hoping he will find peace even though we are hurting that he died so young. “There was a time when he was a respectful and quiet child. He was destroyed by drugs and nyaope.” She said they tried to help him make a future for himself. “We would get him to stop smoking nyaope but his friends would always influence him again.”