CHELSEA goalkeeper, Kepa Arrizabalaga, has explained why he “disobeyed” his coach, Maurizio Sarri, and appeared to refuse to be substituted in what looked like he could not handle his cramps anymore against Manchester City. This dramatic incident, which happened on Sunday during the Carabao League Cup final won by City 4-3 on penalties, is the talking point of world football as such happens rarely. The goalkeeper had twice received treatment towards the end of the game, with substitute Willy Caballero primed to take his place in goal for the closing stages and penalty shoot-out. However, when seeing his number appear on the fourth official’s board, Kepa refused to leave the field as he felt he was able to continue. Sarri earlier explained the misunderstanding in his post-match press conference, and Kepa gave further clarification shortly afterwards. “First of all, I have to say it was misunderstood,” the goalkeeper told his club’s official site. “In no moment was it my intention to disobey, or anything like that with the boss. Just that it was misunderstood, because I had been attended to by the medics twice, and he thought I wasn’t in condition to continue. It was two or three minutes of confusion until the medics got to the bench, and they explained everything well. “This was nothing to do with the problems I had this week, with (hamstring), it wasn’t that. And, well, it was misunderstood. Because he thought I couldn’t continue, and, fundamentally, I was trying to say that physically I was fine. I know if you see it from outside, I don’t know how it went out, it is not the best image. I have spoken with the boss. I understand that on television, on social media, they’re talking about this but I’m here to explain it, to say that it wasn’t my intention to go against the manager. He thought I wasn’t fine. “I don’t think it has to be the major act of this final. I understand we played a good level against one of the best teams in the world. We were close to winning, obviously, we’re sad that we didn’t and I think the team need to continue playing like this, because we’ve shown we can compete against the best teams. Among the negatives, we have to take the positives.” Sarri also played down the controversy, also saying “it was a big misunderstanding”. Sarri said. “I understood that he had a cramp. I didn’t want the goalkeeper to go into penalties in that physical condition. I realised the situation only after three, four minutes when the doctor arrived back to the bench.” Chelsea went on to lose the penalty shoot-out with Kepa beaten by four of City’s spot kicks, including Raheem Sterling’s winning spot kick, The moment, an episode that could best be featured on Comedy Central, is seen by analysts as another blow to Sarri’s grip on his position as Chelsea head coach. The disobey by the keeper could mean the Italian has lost control of the change-room, and could soon be asked to leave, if he doesn’t do so voluntarily.