BLACK Leopards coach Dylan Kerr has advised Soweto giants Orlando Pirates to score plenty of goals against Esperance at Orlando Stadium ton Saturday (9pm), as they will face a lot of obstacles in the return leg on 12 February. The teams battle it out in the Caf Champions League group stages match. This will be an interesting game, considering Bucs are tied with Esperance at the top of Group B table on four points from two matches. Although Esperance will play the second leg behind closed doors after their fans were banned for two games for misbehaviour, Kerr says they could use other factors to intimidate Pirates. Kerr has experienced the wrath of Esperance while still in charge of Kenyan Premier League side Gor Mahia. The Englishman doesn’t forget the intimidation since the Tunisian side ended his dream of winning the continental trophy in 2017. “They’ve got to take their chances and score as many goals because it would be tough when they go there. I know that Esperance are still banned, but the intimidation will be there as soon as they land in Tunisia,” said Kerr. “We went there, lost 1-0 and we’re knocked out of Champions League. But right from the start, arriving at the ground, going into the dressing rooms, warm-up and within 20 minute of the game there was intimidation on our bench and it was disgraceful.” Kerr claims that oppositions get little protection in North Africa. He went on: “The police came to protect their bench from bottles, beer cans and glasses that were thrown by their fans and were battering the hell out of my substitutes. The intimidation and aspects of football is something I have never experienced in my career.” Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic and his charges will have their work cut out as they take on arguably Tunisia’s most popular club. The club reports that Sredojevic was at pains to express the enormity of the task ahead. “We are preparing to take on the defending champions of Africa’s biggest club competition,” he told the club’s official website. “We respect their achievements on the continent, but we are Pirates and the star on our badge represents the same great achievement. It will be the meeting of two champion teams who know what this competition is all about. “It’s important that when we play them this weekend at home, we have a full stadium of fans cheering on the team. We need to take adequate advantage at home before going there because we are going into very cold conditions in Tunisia. We need to get a good result because this will set us up positively in the group and give us an injection of motivation ahead of the second leg in 10 days’ time.”