BENCH-WARMING Wayne Sandilands has surely done enough to warrant regular game-time... at least in the Caf Champions League. Pity he could not cap his remarkable performance with a win as Orlando Pirates suffered a 2-0 defeat to Esperance in their group B fixture at El Menzah Stadium yesterday. Apart from the second goal which calmed the nerves and ensured victory for Esperance, Sandilands showed he still has what it takes to move higher up on the pecking order at Pirates. There wasn’t much he could do with the opening goal, as Anice Badri finished off what looked to be a goal straight out of a training session by the Tunisians. Youcef Belaili’s cleverly-taken set-piece found its way to Badri, who peeled off the wall before firing low past Sandilands at the near post. However, the former Bafana Bafana goalie was culpable for the second goal netted by Haythem Jouini towards the end. He found himself in no man’s land trying to close space for the advancing Iheb Mbarki, but unfortunately allowed the former to tee up Jouini, who netted into an empty net. Micho’s reaction to Badri’s goal suggested the Bucs coach hadn’t anticipated conceding a goal early in the match. But despite the early setback, the Buccaneers got a foothold in the game. However, they couldn’t cause Esperance many problems without curving their resolute defence open at will. He may have committed a few blunders since he joined Bucs over a season ago, but Sandilands exuded authority, just as he did for the victorious Mamelodi Sundowns in the 2016 final against Zamalek. He twice denied Esperance a chance to stretch their lead in the first half and continued to frustrate the Tunisians with astonishing saves in the second half, as Pirates struggled to string passes together. The three chances Bucs created weren’t as clear to pull them level with the Tunisian Beasts as they battled to hold on the ball upfront. Sensing trouble, Micho couldn’t waste any more time as he summarily pulled off Paseka Mako for Thamsanqa Gabuza at the start of the second time. It wasn’t long before Gabuza held a long pass down nicely for Justin Shonga, who unfortunately pulled his short inches wide of goal. Two more chances went begging as Bucs crashed to their first defeat of the tournament.