Rapper, Nasty C has revealed a secret that he has been living with his entire life. In a completely unexpected video on YouTube this weekend, Nasty revealed that he has an extra toe, which is conjoined to his big toe. “This is something that I’ve been hiding from pretty much everybody, it’s something I had to grow up with. Part of the reason I hid it from everyone is because I wanted to leave that part of my life in the past,” he said. The renowned rapper says he was able to come out now because he has finally reached a place where he can accept himself for who he is and all of his “imperfections”. “I didn’t even tell my friends about this [until] about a month ago. My girl’s only seen it for like a year now. I just didn’t wanna deal with people giving me their opinions about it, people taking about it, staring, teasing, whatever, but now I’ve gotten to a point where I don’t give a f**k about none of that stuff,” he went on. ICYMI: NASTY C IN STUDIO WITH BIG SEAN! The Particula hit-maker also told subscribers of the channel that he wanted people who had something that was different about them to know that they are not alone. “The bigger picture is [that] I’m not the only one that’s different, I’m not the only one that’s been teased as a kid, picked on. That s**t did hurt me as a kid, I would cry sometimes,” he said. The 22-year-old whose real name is Nsikayesizwe Ngcobo says this also served as a reminder that he too is human and that if he could make it to where he is now despite “being like this”, than anyone can. “Accept yourself, love yourself, be you. You’re uniquely you; God made you like that [and] whether you think it’s imperfect or not, you are perfect, that’s how God made you, that’s how you’re supposed to be,” he said. He told his friend, who features in the video, that in the past he would never be caught dead with his feet out. READ ALSO: NASTY C TO COLLABORATE WITH IDOL T.I He would never take his socks off under no circumstance and even when he had to change shoes/socks on set, he would go change in the car. “It was unfortunate because I didn’t accept myself, I didn’t love myself 100%, I was expecting people to give me some sort of validation and I didn’t even accept myself or love myself enough or completely. I was so scared to come out, I just thought [that] it would affect so much even the way people look at me, but I’m way beyond that now,” he said. He thanked his childhood friends, who have known for many years now about his “special toe” for not outing him to the public. He also said that he used to want to have the toe operated on, but he has since changed his mind. “When I was 15/16 I told my sister that I want to make so much money as a rapper that I’m gonna eventually be able to afford an operation and get this shit fixed,” he said. NASTY C'S RELATIONSHIP GETS ITS OWN INSTA ACCOUNT But his sister encouraged him to keep it in memory of his later mother’s genes. He ended off by encouraging people who are living in secret and afraid to let the world see their true selves. “If you’ve got something that you’re hiding from people because you’re scared [that] you might be judged, picked on laughed at…I understand what’s like, and it’s ok to be afraid. I’m not saying that you should come out now and show the world what you’re about now…but take your time, be patient with yourself, learn to love yourself, learn to accept yourself for who you are and when you’re ready, show the world,” he said.  