Famed rapper, AKA says he wants to change his stage name and by the looks of things, he might have just found his new “aka”. The hit-maker whose real name is Kiernan Forbes tasked fans with the mission of coming up with a brand new stage for the Supa Mega earlier this week. Needless to say, his TL was flooded with suggestions of a new name, although some people wanted him to keep his current stage name. “I’m thinking of dropping my next album under a new name ... K.Forbes? KJF? KIERNAN FORBES? Suggest a new name for me, or my actual birth name ... or should we stick with “AKA” ... lemme know,” he said. The rapper did ask his loyal followers to help him choose a name that will not be too difficult to pronounce for his international fans in, for example, the UK and the USA. ICYMI: AKA IS GIVING AWAY SCHOLARSHIPS But most of his fans said that AKA was perfectly fine and there is no need to change it. “I just feel like “AKA” had a good run and it was dope while it lasted but it doesn’t “fit” me anymore. Plus it’s super hard to google (internationally)... PLUS my dad named me “KIERNAN” after an Irish rugby player,” he told the megacy. But fans were not having it and insisted that he remain AKA. But the Fela in Versace hit-maker says the name AKA just simply doesn’t work overseas. “I’m [trying to] break outside of South [Africa] ... for them “AKA” is a bit lame. I mean, KIERNAN FORBES or KEENAN FORBES, or “KING FORBES” sounds a bit better don’t you think ... actually yah ... King Forbes actually sounds lit,” he said. SCAMMERS POSE AS SOMIZI ONLINE! And just like that, a new era was worn, the Supa Mega had chosen his brand new stage name and world domination was imminent. “KING FORBES” sounds lekker don’t you think? I mean, you guys will always know me as “AKA” or whatever but yeah I think that’s a better name for global domination. I mean, I’ve done it all here in [South Africa] you know ... I rate “King Forbes” is like ... more relatable for the world takeover. Yah mate ... I rate that’s it hey ... I’m changing my name to “KING FORBES” ... AKA had a good run. KING FORBES. That’s it,” he decided.  