TO SAY that Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane was disappointed by his side’s 1-1 draw against title rivals Bidvest Wits would be an understatement. Mosimane was gutted as he expected to pick up maximum points in their crucial Absa Premiership encounter at the Bidvest Stadium on Saturday. But the former Bafana Bafana coach has no time to reflect on what could have been as on-form Cape Town City are visiting Downs at Loftus Versfeld on Wednesday (7.30pm). The Citizens will also tackle Wits in Milpark on Saturday night (8.15pm). Benni McCarthy’s charges will have their say in the title race this week against the top three teams. Mosimane said: “The game against Benni will be the same as this one. It will be tough. Wits still have to play Cape Town City, Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates. Who has it easy? Who is picking up points in the top three?” The pick of the weekend match between Downs and the Students lived up to expectations as it had a feel of a title decider attached to it. Referee Victor Hlungwane brandished a series of yellow cards, while Wayne Arendse was shown a red card as tensions reached boiling point on the pitch. As a result, the Tshwane giants were forced to play the remaining 55 minutes with ten man. On the other hand, fourth official Daniel Bennett had his hands full as he spent the entire match restraining Mosimane and Gavin Hunt from stepping outside their bench. Mosimane’s charges blew two chances in a space of five days to shoot straight to the top of the log. They dropped four points and picked up just two in their 1-1 draw against Polokwane City at Loftus Versfeld and the stalemate against Wits. Mosimane, whose face was itched with disappointment, said he was still recovering from the setback of dropping points against Rise and Shine. Sundowns defender Ricardo Nascimento made a blunder to allow Gift Motupa the chance to grab the equaliser and cancel Phakamani Mahlambi’s early goal. Mosimane said: “I’m not happy with the point that we picked up against Polokwane City. We made a big mistake against City and another big one from my experienced player against Wits. “If Ricardo had not committed that blunder, we wouldn’t have drawn this match.” Mosimane jetted out to Morocco on Saturday night to attend a Uefa Pro License course in Casablanca and is expected back just in time for the next game.