MARITZBURG United chairman, Farook Kadodia, is furious. The KZN businessman wants the PSL to act swiftly against perpetrators of the ugly incident that took place at the weekend when his side lost 3-2 to Benni McCarthy’s Cape Town City FC. An ugly video clip is circulating on social media when there was a fracas between City and United officials in their Absa Premiership showdown at the Athlone Stadium tunnel on Saturday, where McCarthy is also seen throttling one of the opposition members. All hell broke loose when referee, Kulasande Qongqo, sent United defender Rushine de Reuck packing after he collected his second yellow card. From the City side there was assistant coach, Rayaan Jacobs, who was also sent packing, probably for something he said. While the two were walking down the tunnel, there was an exchange of seemingly ugly words, which sparked the pushing and shoving that saw the two benches rushing in to intervene for the scuffle to ensue. McCarthy was also involved in the incident and was seen holding the neck of a United official before he was restrained by Vincent Kobola, Eric Tinkler’s assistant. Kadodia said the league cannot overlook the “ugly incident” and wants justice to be done. “I’m really disappointed,” said the angry business man. “My team was fighting for an equalising goal before a ball boy threw an extra ball in the field while we were attacking. The referee stopped play because of the second ball on the field... This could have raised emotions to run very high. “Rushine went to pick up the ball for the throw in and Cape Town City’s Matthew Rusike obstructed him. “We were looking for an equaliser, we were not going to sit back and wait. The whole Cape Town City team attacked him (De Reuck) verbally. “The whole Cape Town City left their bench to fight with Rushine and none of them were punished for going to the tunnel. “My argument here is simple: the match commissioner (Abdul Ibrahim) didn’t give a fair report. I’ve seen his report. It’s not accountable for the issue. The injury was silenced. Surprisingly, we go to Cape Town and we get this type of reception. I have no problem with Cape Town City, but I have a problem with their behaviour. “They incited the whole problem.” United’s next PSL game is against AmaZulu at Harry Gwala Stadium tomorrow (8pm). They are currently fighting on 14 points from 21 matches, which means Tinkler must pull a miracle to save the club.businessman. 