THEY MOVED around in unmarked cars and the serial numbers were filed off all the equipment they used. That’s because Bosasa was busy, allegedly installing CCTV cameras, perimeter lighting and electric fences at houses where they weren’t supposed to be. AND GWEDE MANTASHE WAS ALLEGEDLY AMONG THOSE WHO BENEFITED! “I personally attended to these projects,” said Richard le Roux, regional technical co-ordinator of GTS, a subsidiary of Bosasa. He said Bosasa installed the equipment and fences at the homes of the Minister of Minerals Resources and ANC national chairman, Gwede Mantashe. He added that the work cost about R300 000. One of the houses is in Boksburg, Ekurhuleni and the other two are in the Eastern Cape. Le Roux said this kind of work was called “Special Projects”. “People falling under Special Projects didn’t pay. Bosasa would cover the costs incurred. They would be paid in cash.” He claimed other beneficiaries of CCTV cameras, electric fence and perimeter lighting installations were Environment Affairs Minister Nomvula Mokonyane, deputy minister of Correctional Services Thabang Makwetla, Jacob Zuma Foundation chairwoman Dudu Myeni, Scopa chairman Vincent Smith, former correctional services commissioner Linda Mti, Pretoria chief magistrate Desmond Nair and Prasa procurement manager Mbulelo Gingcana. The cost of the work done for each beneficiary was between R250 000 and R350 000. Nair became famous after finding retired judge Nkola Motata guilty of drunk driving when Motata crashed his car into a wall in 2007. Le Roux said even when they worked on properies outside Joburg they carried cash to pay suppliers. The CCTV cameras were fitted with IP offsite systems which allowed owners to view their properties on their cellphones wherever they were. He said Bosasa CEO Gavin Watson instructed him, as the head of Special Projects, to remove the serial numbers on all equipment. He said he didn’t know why the serial numbers were removed but he believed it was done to conceal evidence. Le Roux said he didn’t question Watson’s instructions because he was afraid of him. “Mr Watson comes across as a very strong person. If Gavin phoned you, you immediately attended to whatever was instructed. He was intimidating. I felt threatened by Mr Watson,” said Le Roux. He said Watson prioritised Special Projects and would instruct them to drop whatever they were doing and attend to these projects. Le Roux told the hearing that at some stage, Watson instructed him to sign an affidavit stating that former Bosasa chief operations officer, Angelo Agrizzi, was head of Special Projects. “This was incorrect. In fact instructions for Special Projects came from Watson, Bosasa directors Trevor Mathenjwa, Papa Leshabane and Syvion Dlamini.” He said employees working on Special Projects were given cars without branding and were told not to wear uniforms with Bosasa or GTS names on them. “This was done so that nothing could point back to Bosasa,” said Le Roux.