A group of well-known South African male personalities have come together and taken a pledge to do better. The group is a diverse range of men from athletes to musicians, actors, DJs and TV personalities who have all joined forces to form #TheBetterManProject. The project, in partnership with Men’s Health magazine, encourages and challenges men to be better versions of themselves, to treat women better, to be open about their flaws and take active steps to change. So far, the project has seen Siv Ngesi, Akani Simbine, Marc Lottering, Maps Maponyane, Faf du Plessis and DJ Fresh commit to the challenge. “International Women’s Day is coming up. It's time it meant something. Our goals? To be honest, to start talking about where we're getting it wrong, and to be willing to change. We have to take a long, hard look at what men do, and start taking some responsibility – for ourselves, and for others,” Siv announced on his Instagram page. Siv has also spoken about how crucial it is for men to be careful of how they treat women and to not isolate themselves from men who have committed crimes against women. “It is easy for us as men to be able to look at rapists and go ‘look at those scum of the earth’. But if you think about it, and you really dig deeper, we are part of that rape culture,” he said. Olympic sprinter, Akani Simbine challenged men in the entertainment industry to do better by the women in their lives. “I think just having a bit of that influence and having a bit of that stardom makes them feel like they have a right to women – and it shouldn’t like that,” he said. International Women’s Day is coming up. It's time it meant something. Some of SA’s most famous faces are pledging to become better men, and Men's Health are right behind us. Our goals? To be honest, to start talking about where we're getting it wrong, and to be willing to change. We have to take a long, hard look at what men do, and start taking some responsibility – for ourselves, and for others. Pick up a copy of the March issue of Men’s Health to read more about #TheBetterManProject and join the conversation online with the hashtag. Are you ready to become a better man? A post shared by  Siv N (@iamsivn) on Feb 21, 2019 at 5:10am PST  Mood A post shared by  Siv N (@iamsivn) on Feb 22, 2019 at 12:03am PST  We can do better. Let’s value, respect, love, appreciate and protect ?? #thebettermanproject A post shared by  Akani Simbine (@akani_simbine) on Feb 26, 2019 at 10:24pm PST  #thebettermanproject #menshealthza ???? A post shared by  Marc Lottering (@marc_lottering) on Feb 21, 2019 at 6:59am PST  