Highlands Park youngster Mokete Mogaila has had little trouble settling into life in the Premier Soccer League (PSL). The 23 year-old midfielder has impressed since making the step up from Varsity Football to the big time. His stellar performances for the University of Johannesburg in last year’s Varsity Cup saw him draw interest from big clubs. Siyabahlaba/Siyabangena eventually won the race for the starlet and are now reaping the rewards as he is one of their brightest sparks this season. Mogaila has scored one goal in his seven appearances in all competitions for the Tembisa-based outfit and much more is expected from him. The star, who is still a third year Applied Mathematics student at UJ, is determined to balance his professional football career and his studies. “It’s something I learned when I was still playing in the Varsity Cup,” said Mogaila. “It’s much tougher now because the PSL is on a different level, it requires a lot more from you but through determination and hard work nothing is impossible. “I try my level best to manage my time the well because my football career and my studies are both very important to me.” His development is being overseen by Coach Owen Da Gama, who is known for his ability to nurture young talent. Da Gama holds Mogaila very highly and says his intelligence combined with is electrifying pace, are sure to take him places. “He is a brilliant boy,” said Da Gama. “I think his level of receptivity is very good, he is highly intelligent and he learns quickly. “His ability to grasp and understand what is required from him is what has helped him most. “Again, I think he has to be one of the quickest players in the league, I mean the boy is breaking records with speeds on our list. Da Gama says Mogaila is every coach's dream, he is the complete package and gives everything every time he steps onto the field. “He has everything," added Da Gama. "The speed, intelligence, and ability, for me he can emulate the likes of Thembinkosi Lorch and Percy Tau. “He is that good.” 