IF YOU need an honest opinion about what PSL coaches think of referees... Look no further than Cape Town City coach Benni McCarthy. Not for the first time, the outspoken McCarthy has blasted the referees for poor officiating. This followed City’s bitter 1-0 league defeat to AmaZulu at the weekend, but the criticism came as no surprise. McCarthy, who was fined R50 000 for scathing remarks about officials last season, has once again risked the wrath of the league. But he is not the only coach who has expressed concern about referees’ performance this season. Said McCarthy: “Referees need to up their consistency level. “You can’t give warnings for life-threatening tackles. Every single match I’m always one player short due to injury. “When are they (referees) going take action? Until the player is kicked and told he won’t kick a ball anymore. “Players get yellow cards. I’m sick and tired. Yes, he (Tapelo Nyongo) scored a goal, a fantastic free-kick. But he shouldn’t have been on the pitch because he could have broken Craig Martin’s leg and his career could easily have been finished right there. And the player gets away with a yellow.” McCarthy admitted to his frustrations, having seen his charges drop maximum points in a game they should have won convincingly. City remain fourth on the log with 30 points, seven adrift of leaders Bidvest Wits. Despite the win, Usuthu have barely moved an inch. They are still stuck in eleventh spot with 23 points, nine away from the danger zone. “There was one team on the pitch. It was that easy. We just didn’t rake our opportunities,” McCarthy said on TV. “Football can kill you and today it really felt like it could kill because I couldn’t watch anymore. But it’s getting a bit frustrating. “Week in, week out, it’s the same. When a coach speaks out, he gets called to the arbitration (DC) and he gets fined. “The Black Leopards coach had to pay a fine after asking the referee to be a bit more consistent and to protect players more. “It’s tough and it’s worse when you lose.” A piece of good news for City is Taariq Fielies is back from suspension, while Edmilson Dove has recovered from injury. The defenders should be available for upcoming Nedbank Cup round of 16 fixture at Cape Town Stadium on Friday.