BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic defender Tshepo Rikhotso believes they can regain their early season form, which made them one of the front runners in the Absa Premiership at some point. Phunya Sele Sele could not maintain their strong start to the season, especially following the departure of Steve Komphela in December. Interim coaches – Lehlohonolo Seema and John Maduka – have done a steady job since taking over with Celtic currently poised for a top eight finish. However, Siwelele are kicking themselves for failing to get something out of their thrilling Free State derby against Ea lla Koto, which they lost 3-2 on Sunday. They now have a tough run of fixtures in the coming weeks against the top four teams who are gunning for the title. Celtic are currently occupying seventh spot with 29 points from 21 games, and might have to cause a few upsets to finish in the top eight this season. They start their difficult run of fixtures with a visit to Loftus Versfeld Stadium to play Mamelodi Sundowns on Saturday (3.30pm). That match will be followed by equally testing encounters against title chasing Orlando Pirates, leaders Bidvest Wits and fourth placed Cape Town City. Sandwiched in between is a clash against relegation threatened Maritzburg United, who will most likely pose another serious threat as they will be desperate for points in their battle for survival at the bottom. Celtic, however, will be encouraged by the results they managed to get against the title chasing trio of Wits, Pirates and Downs in the reverse fixtures. They held Downs to a draw and beat both The Students and Bucs to secure seven points out of a possible nine against the top three.The Citizens and The Team of Choice were the only teams able to beat Celtic, who were in fine form earlier in the season despite the club’s struggles off the field. Rikhotso, who has been a constant figure in the Celtic defence, says they’re confident about repeating their early season heroics. “These games will be tough,” he said. “We’re playing teams that are fighting for the title, but we are also fighting for at least a top eight finish. If we manage to come out of these games without too much damage, we can even find ourselves in the top four come end of the season.”