House music producer, TNS has discounted Prince Kaybee’s claim that their beef started over a girl. The two producers are currently at loggerheads over the ownership of Club Controller and Banomoya. Last week, however, Prince Kaybee told Masechaba Ndlovu and Mo Flave on Metro FM’s Afternoon Drive that their beef long pre-dates the ownership dispute. He claimed that in 2017, TNS slept with his then girlfriend, which caused a rift in their relationship and now they find themselves in this dramatic fight. However, TNS told the same station this week that the girlfriend argument is a complete lie. DJ FRANKY ADVICES KAYBEE & TNS TO FIGHT IN COURT! “What Prince Kaybee said on the radio, that I slept with his girl, his not true. There is no girl [that] came between us,” he said. TNS said the alleged girlfriend, whose name is “Nthati” was not even Kaybee’s real girlfriend, but a side chick who had had “chill sessions” with TNS. “I knew his real girlfriend. That girlfriend that I know is now scared because people are accusing her of sleeping with me,” he said. When asked whether Kaybee has more than one “girlfriends, TNS said: “I could say so. I didn’t want people to know this but since Prince Kaybee put it out there, that I slept with his girlfriend, he is lying”. He then addressed the ownership drama. READ ALSO: PRINCE KAYBEE’S ALBUM "ON HOLD" OVER ALLEGATIONS “I’ve never gone around badmouthing Prince Kaybee, but 'Prince Kaybee ft Busiswa-Banomoya', how does that happen? Even on fliers they only mention the two of them and I asked how this could happen. How can I come up with a song, start it from scratch and put my own vocals on it, but when it was time for it to be credited [I’m nowhere to be found]?” he said. “He said to me, ‘I am not a designer or a radio presenter. You must humble yourself because this thing of having a big mouth will close doors for you’,” TNS claimed. TNS told Mo and Masechaba that Kaybee only played a “small part” in the ending of Banomoya as well as the arrangement of the song. “I was asking for money from him telling him that my grandfather is in hospital and my family is looking toward me [for support]. I haven’t even received a cent. When I told him I was broke, he said ‘who asked you that?” he went on. TNS said that he seriously needs his money because Kaybee took back everything he had given him (TNS) including the car. ICYMI: PRINCE KAYBEE RESPONDS TO TNS ALLEGATIONS He also claimed that he has never lived with nor depended on Kaybee for survival but he went along with the story because he just wanted to work with the famed producer.  