Run cancer outta town! So say thousands of men who will once again paint Jozi purple as the Hollard Daredevil Run returns to the streets in March. The 5km fun run dares men to strip down to purple Speedos and run through peak hour traffic in an effort to drive awareness of the scourge of male cancers in South Africa. The act of stripping down to nothing is not only challenging for runners, but it also challenges stereotypes about male cancers, in the interests of starting conversations about understanding and lowering cancer risk, and encouraging early testing for prostate cancer. This year, the “Run-not-race” will begin at 3pm at Zoo Lake in Parkwood, Johannesburg, where the first Hollard Daredevil Run took place nine years ago. “Our decision to bring the Daredevil Run home to its Jozi roots in 2019 is sure to cause some tears of disappointment to spectators across the rest of the country. “But reducing the number of runs has allowed us to reduce the costs associated with the event,” said Hollard Group Marketing Warwick Bloom. “By concentrating our efforts in one city again, we’re hoping to generate an even larger donation to the Cancer Association of South Africa (CANSA) and The Prostate Cancer Foundation, in aid of the amazing work both organisations do across the country. ”According to global research, one in every six men will be diagnosed with prostate cancer in their lifetime, with over 60% of men being diagnosed over the age of 65. “Many men are scared to strip down to the essentials in public is nothing compared to being diagnosed with or affected by cancer,” Bloom added. “We’re challenging Joburg’s men to confront the disease head-on by showing that they’re not afraid to talk about it and to get tested. This is part of our ongoing purpose of enabling a better future for more people. By ensuring that these cancers are caught early, we enable better futures not only for men, whose chances of survival are increased, but also their families and loved ones.” Men of all ages are welcome to enter to participate in the Run and runners are encouraged to bring their loved ones and fans to cheer them on from the side-lines on the day.