THE underlying purpose of theDavid-versus-Goliath story in the Nedbank Cup is to demonstrate how lower league teams are not just no-hopers against PSL giants. But the famous biblical tale seems to have taken a different twist this season, with the underdogs producing no giant-killing acts. Kaizer Chiefs are still standing, having survived a scare against the daring Tornado FC en route to the Last 16 round. They face another tricky outing against another ABC Motsepe League side, Magic FC, at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium this afternoon (3pm), seeking a spot in the quarterfinals. But what happened to the famous Ke Yona Cup upsets? Some of the Nedbank Cup’s most enduring moments are the mighty Amakhosi crashing to then first division side Baroka FC and when cocky Orlando Pirates were left to lick their wounds after the mauling by Maluti FET College. Soccer fans love a fairytale, when raw talent prevails against the moneyed PSL sides, through nothing, but hard work and determination. It goes without saying the odds will be heavily stacked against Magic slaying Chiefs. But Chiefs defender Daniel Cardoso says the Soweto giants are not going to repeat the mistakes which saw them nearly swept away by Tornado last month. “It’s another difficult game. We can’t take them lightly. If you saw us against Tornado, we went in there a bit too relaxed. We thought we’d won the game before it even started,” said Cardoso. The centre-back has also done some homework on the Cape Town-based team, noting their recent league match against Santos. “We are facing a similar team as Tornado. They knocked out Maccabi FC who are in the first division and are sitting second in their league. “We haven’t won any silverware in the last three seasons and that’s not normal for us. A lot is expected from us in this tournament.” Can Magic wave the wand? Coach David Kannemeyer believe his minnows are capable of causing an upset. But he’s also aware of Amakhosi’s cup pedigree. Will it be a fairytale run for Magic or a routine win for Chiefs?