It looks like it must feel pretty damn good to be Amanda du-Punt right now. The actress is making her dreams come true left, right and center by taking her dream vacations and scoring major acting roles. Amanda is currently in the French Alps where layers upon layers of clothing are the order of the day but best believe, she isn’t complaining for a single moment. The Skeem Saam star told fans on social media recently that being in the French Alps has been something that she visualized for herself and she cannot believe that it finally happened. “French Alps for the first time! I had saved pictures from here and now I’m here. I always talk about visualization. You have to clearly visualize your goals and ambitions in your mind before they become your reality because Jesus will surprise you,” she told fans. The Swaziland-born actress is one of the most well-travelled stars in Mzansi and if her Instagram is anything to go by, it’s almost as if she’s in a different country every week. But this time, it isn’t some exotic beach location somewhere where she gets to show off her killer body while sipping on cocktails as the sun sets in the background. The weather in French Alps is below zero so Amanda is all layered up and we figure, cuddling with her hubby as much as possible. Being in the French Alps is but one of her dreams that recently came true. The starlet recently revealed that she had been cast in the upcoming Netflix SA original, Shadow. The show is set debut globally on the 8th of March and will star Amanda alongside hunky actor, Pallance Dladla. They play a detective and a former task force agent who, after the murder of a young girl, decide to move into the sort of work that will allow them to help people who have been failed by the justice system. Shadow is Netflix SA’s first original show and as such, was filmed in Joburg. Congrats to Amanda on all her success. His She-Wolf ???? • Faux fur jacket @meshki Top @meshki A post shared by  Amanda du-Pont (@amandadupont) on Feb 20, 2019 at 4:53am PST  Keeping it cosy ?? A post shared by  Amanda du-Pont (@amandadupont) on Feb 21, 2019 at 1:46am PST  ????In the Alps?? for the first time! I had saved pictures from here and now I’m here ?????????I always talk about visualization. You have to clearly visualize your goals and ambitions in your mind before they become your reality because Jesus will surprise you!?????? • Jacket @meshki Boots @moon_boot_the_original Beanie @popskilondonclothing A post shared by  Amanda du-Pont (@amandadupont) on Feb 22, 2019 at 12:25am PST  ??On the Slopes?? A post shared by  Amanda du-Pont (@amandadupont) on Feb 23, 2019 at 4:31am PST   