A new breed of techno savvy sangomas are on the rise as we see the more and more on our social media platforms not only educating but also sharing their opinions and knowledge. AboGogo as they commonly referred to on social media by people who consult with traditional healers online were on war of words last week while abortion was being discussed. Gogo Kwenzekile Mngoma who is popularly known as GlamDlozi came under major scrutiny after she said that abortions come with bad luck. A lot of people on twitter were not happy and one of them was Gogo Nomantshali Bodlela well known as Ntshali who argued that was GlamDlozi had said was not entirely true. Gogo Ntshalie said on Twitter "On GlamDlozi and her anti-abortion stance: 1.A termination of pregnancy is a medical procedure that every woman has a right to.2. A TOP within the first trimester VERY seldom requires a spiritual cleansing. 3. If the TOP is performed after first trimester please see a healer to check if the spiritual cleansing will be necessary. 4. After a TOP please see a counselor to debrief and process. That way not every Tom; Dick and GlamDlozi can shame you and make money out of shaming you." GlamDlozi didn't take this lightly and went on to Instagram to respond with a huge caption where she called Gogo Ntshalie a "jealous Bitch". Her caption read: I dont deal with rubbish, if you have a problem me & my calling nokuthi my calling does more money than yours please go argue with your ancestors!! Wena uthwasa waphuma nokuthi uhlebe ngezinye iZangoma koTwitter instead of working hard for ubizo lwakho than you complain about other sangoma’s making a better living with they calling, sies how I wish I can see your gobela & ask her wakufundisani ephehlweni!!! Wadla ukhamba lokuhleba no’mona , same people who inbox me & ask for my remedies to heal people & when I dismiss they they go make topics on Twitter ngoba I don’t give them my remedies !!! I don’t deal with bitches zeZangoma !!! & you will never see KFC giving hungry Lions they recipe ever !!! Mmmm izangoma ezidla imbumbe thixo !! Kwa bonela kimi njalo ukuba iSocial sangoma kufake neRouge manje sekuzo’former ngami mgodoyi @ntshalie !!! Yazi bengihlezi Ngizwa ngendaba ukuthi izangoma zinomona but yoooooooh today I witness that !!! People like these abahlisa isithunzi zeZangoma. Ubuthakathi starts like this !! Bese kuthiwa ngihlaza kanti u2vi angizwani nawo period ????" POSTS BELOW: I dont deal with rubbish, if you have a problem me & my calling nokuthi my calling does more money than yours please go argue with your ancestors!! Wena uthwasa waphuma nokuthi uhlebe ngezinye iZangoma koTwitter instead of working hard for ubizo lwakho than you complain about other sangoma’s making a better living with they calling, sies how I wish I can see your gobela & ask her wakufundisani ephehlweni!!! Wadla ukhamba lokuhleba no’mona , same people who inbox me & ask for my remedies to heal people & when I dismiss they they go make topics on Twitter ngoba I don’t give them my remedies !!! I don’t deal with bitches zeZangoma !!! & you will never see KFC giving hungry Lions they recipe ever !!! Mmmm izangoma ezidla imbumbe thixo !! Kwa bonela kimi njalo ukuba iSocial sangoma kufake neRouge manje sekuzo’former ngami mgodoyi @ntshalie !!! Yazi bengihlezi Ngizwa ngendaba ukuthi izangoma zinomona but yoooooooh today I witness that !!! People like these abahlisa isithunzi zeZangoma. Ubuthakathi starts like this !! Bese kuthiwa ngihlaza kanti u2vi angizwani nawo period ???? A post shared by  Glam dlozi (@glamdlozi) on Feb 9, 2019 at 12:15pm PST   