Former Bosasa boss turned whistleblower Angelo Agrizzi has encouraged other whistleblowers to come forward and tell their stories. Agrizzi was being interviewed by Chad Thomas on Jewish community radio station Chai FM on Monday. "Do it, even if they arrest you - the truth will always come out. Don't stop, work with the authorities," Agrizzi said. When asked by a listener how he slept at night, having been involved in large-scale corruption, Agrizzi replied: "I sleep very well, thank you. Before [testifying before the Zondo commission of inquiry into state capture] I didn't, but now I do." Agrizzi's marathon nine-day testimony at the commission in January revealed extensive allegations of corruption involving several government ministers - including Nomvula Mokonyane and Gwede Mantashe - as well as ANC MPs, journalists, union officials, and how Bosasa colluded with senior officials for more than a decade to cook tender documents and score lucrative contracts with the state. Agrizzi likened his tenure at Bosasa to "a woman in an abusive relationship". "You hope it gets better. But it took me years to get out of it," Agrizzi said. Agrizzi also described the culture at Bosasa as that of "a cult", where prayer meetings were held and money donated to religious institutions to counter the dodgy deals that were going down. "But when you're in Africa, you do as the Africans do," Agrizzi said of the bribes used to influence politicians. Agrizzi had few kind words for former Bosasa CEO Gavin Watson. "He hasn't been arrested because he's very clever. He hides his name from everything." This is why Agrizzi decided to make a video recording of Watson to "prove he was aware of everything, as his signature appears nowhere". Agrizzi described Watson as a narcissistic micromanager who interfered in every aspect of the business. "He was the patriarch." Agrizzi said Watson was politically connected and that, through him, he had met high-ranking politicians, "from the president all the way through". SOURCE: NEWS24