Chelsea manager Maurizio Sarri refused to shake counterpart Pep Guardiola's hand after his side were humiliated 6-0 by Manchester City at the on Sunday. Chelsea suffered their biggest ever defeat in the Premier League as a Sergio Aguero hat-trick inspired Man City to climb to the top of the league table. City scored four times inside 25 minutes and added two more goals in the second half to overtake Liverpool on goal difference at the top of the table. After the game Sarri insisted that he "didn't see" Guardiola in that moment but would share pleasantries with his opposite number after the post-match interviews. Pep Guardiola praises Man City's attitude after 9-0 win against Burton The Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola said he did not expect his side to score so many goals in the 9-0 win over Burton Albion in the Carabao Cup. The result was Chelsea's heaviest defeat in any competition since losing 7-0 to Nottingham Forest in 1991."At the moment I am not able to explain," a dumbfounded Sarri told Sky Sports.  Sarri buoyed as Chelsea reach Carabao Cup final Maurizio Sarri says the fun returned for Chelsea after a penalty shootout success over rivals Tottenham saw the Blues progress to the Carabao Cup final with Manchester City 'Bielsa is one of the best in the world' - Emery on spygate and Leeds United boss Arsenal head coach Unai Emery discussed Maurizio Sarri, Mesut Ozil and Marcelo Bielsa on Thursday as he looked ahead to the team's London derby at home to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday. Arsenal are in fifth place after 22 games, with C... Data preview Manchester City versus Chelsea in the EPL Date preview to Manchester City versus Chelsea in a top-of-the-table English Premier League clash, which takes place on Sunday (10th February). ‘Higuain is improving physically’ Sarri Gonzalo Higuain scored his first Chelsea goals in a 5-0 rout of Huddersfield on Saturday, halting the slump after back-to-back English Premier League losses that created uncertainty about manager Maurizio Sarri's future. In the striker's third gam... ‘Chelsea don’t have to lose 4-0 to be motivated’ Sarri Gonzalo Higuain scored his first Chelsea goals in a 5-0 rout of Huddersfield on Saturday, halting the slump after back-to-back English Premier League losses that created uncertainty about manager Maurizio Sarri's future. In the striker's third gam... Guardiola will put out first team players against Burton Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola spoke on Tuesday about his team's second leg in the Carabao Cup semi-final, with City 9-0 up against Burton Albion.  Guardiola's side will face the League One team on Wednesday after thumping them 9-0 in the f... Guardiola backs Man City to keep up winning habit Manchester City made it through to the final of the Carabao Cup after beating Burton Albion. Manchester City thrash Burnley 5-0 in fourth round of FA Cup Manchester City eased into the fifth round of the FA Cup with a 5-0 thrashing of visitors Burnley on Saturday.  Gabriel Jesus broke the deadlock midway through the first half, but that was the only goal the 'Clarets' conceded before half-time.  Ci... Man City v Chelsea: Premier League match preview In-depth preview ahead of Premier League game between Manchester City and Chelsea. Premier League match preview: Tottenham v Leicester Mauricio Pochettino's Tottenham side are looking to keep pressure on Liverpool and Manchester City as they remain in the hunt for the Premier League title. 'My job is always at risk' - Sarri plays down speculation regarding his Chelsea future Chelsea head coach Maurizio brushed aside speculation that he could lose his job after his side slumped to a 6-0 defeat by Manchester City. Sarri's side remain outside of the Premier League's top four and the club's supporters have questioned some... Data review of Man City 6-0 Chelsea Manchester City secured a resounding victory over Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday (10th February) with Sergio Aguero scoring a hat-trick, Raheem Sterling scoring twice and Ilkay Gundogan scoring the other goal in this Premier League fixtur... Chelsea v Man City: Community Shield match preview Chelsea manager Maurizio Sarri and Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola preview the Community Shield clash on August 5. Guardiola suggests Man City are still in title race Manchester City's chances of retaining the Premier League title were hit after surrendering an early lead to lose 2-1 at relegation-threatened Newcastle on Tuesday. Matt Ritchie's 80th-minute penalty completed a remarkable turnaround by Newcastle,... Maurizio Sarri apologises to Chelsea fans over 'disaster' against Bournemouth Chelsea manager Maurizio Sarri has apologised to fans after the 4-0 loss against Bournemouth. Pochettino delight after Tottenham beat Newcastle to move second in the EPL following late Son wi... Mauricio Pochettino is going to watch Manchester City – Arsenal match on Sunday, but won't support the Gunners after Tottenham's  1-0 win over Newcastle on Saturday allowed Spurs to leapfrog City into second place in the Premier League. Spurs are ... 'This is a different Arsenal' Sarri Chelsea head coach Maurizio Sarri says 4 teams are going for the last 2 Champions League spots in the English Premier League Memphis Depay's Ligue 1 season stats at the forward pushes for a return to the EPL Ligue 1 season stats to date as Lyon's Memphis Depay pushes for a return to the English Premier League with Manchester City or Chelsea. Guardiola - Need to let Liverpool "feel we are there" Pep Guardiola said on Monday that Manchester City might need to win all of their remaining Premier League games if they are to successfully retain the title.  The side are currently second in the Premier League table, four points behind league lea... Chelsea boss Maurizio Sarri confident Willian will stay Chelsea boss Maurizio Sarri says he is very confident Willian will stay at the club. The new manager was speaking ahead of the FA Community Shield match versus Manchester City on August 5. Everton v Man City: Premier League match preview A look ahead to Everton's clash against Man City in the Premier League. 'Liverpool title bid not in our minds' - Silva on Everton match vs Man City Everton manager Marco Silva insisted on Tuesday, on the eve of the home match against Manchester City in the English Premier League, that he has no interest in affecting the title race as he tries to stabilise a season which is in danger of spiral... Arsenal's young players 'need time' - Emery after defeat to Man City Sergio Aguero scored his 10th Premier League hat trick on Sunday to lead Manchester City to a 3-1 victory over Arsenal and close the gap on leader Liverpool to two points. It was an unconventional treble for the striker, using his head, right foot... Data preview to Arsenal v Chelsea in the EPL Data preview to Arsenal versus Chelsea, which takes place in thye English Premier League on Saturday (19th January). Plane wreck body identified as footballer Sala A body retrieved from the wreckage of a crashed plane in the English Channel has been formally identified as Cardiff City's Argentina-born soccer player Emiliano Sala, British police said in a statement on Thursday. Guardiola defends Sarri style of play at Chelsea after Manchester City win Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola defended Chelsea head coach Maurizio Sarri after his side inflicted a 6-0 defeat on their Premier League rivals. Sarri's style of play referred to as 'Sarri ball' has come under scrutiny in recent months but G... Sean Dyche and Pep Guardiola review Man City's crushing win at home in the FA Cup Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola and Burnley boss Sean Dyche review City's comfortable win at home in the FA Cup. Pep - Chelsea game like a cup final Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola said on Friday that their Premier League game against Chelsea is a 'final' in the race for the title.  Guardiola's team are top of the table on goal difference, with Liverpool also on 62 points.  City have, th... Sarri can’t understand shock 4-0 defeat to Bournemouth Chelsea capitulated in a 4-0 loss at Bournemouth on Wednesday for a second straight defeat in the Premier League, with Gonzalo Higuain failing to make an impact in his debut in England's top division.  Maurizio Sarri admitted he was "frustrated" t... Sarri takes responsibility for Chelsea's inconsistency Chelsea manager Maurizio Sarri spoke to the media on Friday as his side prepared to meet Huddersfield Town in the English Premier League on Saturday. Chelsea have 'a lot of individual players' - Sarri Chelsea manager Maurizio Sarri spoke to the media on Friday as his side prepared to meet Huddersfield Town in the English Premier League on Saturday. 'Man Utd & Spurs in title race' - Guardiola speaks ahead of Everton match Pep Guardiola on Tuesday has shrugged off Manchester City's newly-restored status as title favourites. The champions are once again considered the side most likely to win the English Premier League by bookmakers following Liverpool's recent wobble... Sarri admits Higuain could struggle to adapt to the Premier League Chelsea head coach Maurizio Sarri reflected on Gonzalo Higuain signing for Chelsea and making his debut against Sheffield Wednesday in the FA Cup fourth round. Guardiola happy with Man City's 3-0 win over Huddersfield as gap to league leaders Liverpool is r... Reaction from Pep Guardiola after Manchester City had no problems keeping the pressure on Liverpool in the Premier League title race on Sunday, beating last-placed Huddersfield 3-0 to trim the gap behind the leaders to four points. Hazard is 'changing' and 'needs to improve' - Sarri Chelsea manager Maurizio Sarri spoke to the media on Friday (1st February) as his side prepared to meet Huddersfield Town in the English Premier League on Saturday (2nd February). Pep Guardiola: Manchester City have learned to never give up Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola insists his side have learned to never give up after finally reeling in Liverpool and overtaking them at the top of the Premier League. Guardiola on title race - "We have to handle the pressure" Pep Guardiola insisted on Monday that all the teams in the Premier League title race will need to learn to handle the pressure.  Manchester City are currently second in the league table, trailing leaders Liverpool by four points.  They travel to f... 'Never give up' Guardiola on title race after overtaking Liverpool Manchester City climbed atop the Premier League standings - at least provisionally - for the first time since December by beating Everton 2-0 on Wednesday, heaping more pressure on main title rival Liverpool. Aymeric Laporte and Gabriel Jesus scor... Premier League round-up: Man City close gap on Liverpool Manchester City have closed the gap on Liverpool to two points following a resounding win against Arsenal at the Etihad Stadium. Premier League Round-up: Bournemouth put four past Chelsea Bournemouth and Newcastle earned shock wins over Chelsea and Man City respectively while Premier League leaders Liverpool also dropped points at home to Leicester. City still have plenty of points to play for - Guardiola Pep Guardiola admitted on Friday that his Manchester City side face the "challenge" of bouncing back from a shock defeat at Newcastle United in the English Premier League, as they prepare to host Arsenal on Sunday.   City's 2-1 defeat leaves them ... 'Aguero don't do it again' - Guardiola on open goal miss for Manchester City striker Pep Guardiola reflected on Sergio Aguero's performance against Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday (10th February) after his striker scored his 11th Premier League hat-trick to equal Alan Shearer's record. Guardiola admitted that after the 6-0... Aguero v Aubameyang in the Premier League 2018/19 Manchester City host Arsenal on Sunday (3rd February) at Arsenal. Sergio Aguero and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang are expected to lead the frontline for City and the Gunners, respectively. Both players are into double goalscoring figures for the seaso... Post-match stats after Man City beat Arsenal 3-1 Post-match statistics after Manchester City closed the gap on leaders Liverpool with a 3-1 win over Arsenal in the English Premier League 'I had bad spies' Sarri on Bielsa 'Spygate' controversy Chelsea head coach Maurizio Sarri said spying in Italy was not uncommon following the controversy that surrounded Leeds head coach Marcelo Bielsa after he admitted to doing so ahead of his side's league clash against Derby County.  Sarri criticise... Premier League match preview: Manchester City v Arsenal game Pep Guardiola's Manchester City side take on Unai Emery's Arsenal hoping to bounce back after losing to Newcastle in the Premier League. Klopp confused by Kyle Walker Twitter jibe after Liverpool drew with Leicester Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp insists he has never celebrated another team dropping points and does not understand those in the game who do. After Liverpool's 1-1 draw with Leicester on Wednesday Manchester City defender Kyle Walker tweeted a muc... Sarri sends Leicester condolences before post-match press conference Reaction from Chelsea head coach Maurizio Sarri after the 'Blues' thrashed the 'Clarets' 4-0 at Turf Moor on Sunday (28th October).