 THE naked man and the young girl look directly at the cellphone camera. So what’s wrong with a man and a woman taking pictures in the shower? Nothing, really. EXCEPT HE IS A SCHOOL TEACHER AND SHE IS AN UNDERAGE MINOR! It appears the teacher sent the pictures to a friend on WhatsApp. The friend then posted the pictures on other WhatsApp groups – and soon the pictures were circulating among pupils at the school in the Vaal, south of Joburg. The sexy pictures which have found their way onto the internet and Facebook could very well turn into his pictures of shame. On Thursday the school was disrupted by the images spreading like wildfire. Pupils went to peep into the class of the 15-year-old grade 10 pupil who is seen in the pictures but she wasn’t there. “She didn’t come to school on Friday. When we went to peep in her classroom she was nowhere to be found,” a pupil said. Now the furious Congress of South African Students rights group said it wants justice or they will interrupt schooling. According to members of Cosas, the teacher was reported last year for several corporal punishment cases but managed to get away unpunished. Now he’s been bust by his own nude pictures. Daily Sun knows the identity of the teacher and the pupil. A Cosas member told Daily Sun some school staff members visited the family on Friday. “They are trying to influence the family not to engage with us, claiming that we are here to cause havoc. The parents told us the teacher convinced them that their kid should change subjects to his subject so he could help her, only to find that he was targeting her for sexual pleasure,” said the source. Cosas regional chairwoman Dineo Rooi said the school management had failed them. “They have failed pupils and parents at the school. Teachers must guide, counsel, correct pupils and dispense knowledge, not sleep with them.” She said pupils to whom the teacher had showed bad intentions must come forward and report him. Gauteng Department of Education spokesman Steve Mabona said the teacher has been suspended as “a precaution”. “Educators are supposed to be parents and as such it is unacceptable to be found in such a compromising situation. We are finalising an internal process to precautionarily remove the educator from the school. Necessary disciplinary processes will be undertaken accordingly,” he said. 