Local media personality, SomGaga says that he inspired the dramatic Oscar 2019 look that was worn by American actor, Billy Porter. Billy is stage performer, pop singer, and actor who rose to international fame in 2018 due to his role on American drama television series, Pose. Last night at this year’s Oscar awards, Billy walked the red carpet in a tuxedo dress by iconic fashion designer, Christian Siriano and jewels by Oscar Heyman. The look quickly broke the internet and made Billy an instant Oscar 2019 fave with almost every major personality, media house, fans and the general public around the world reposting images of him in the tuxedo dress. But, our very own SomG says he was ahead of Billy this time. “Woooooo shemmmm I’m a trend blazer and setter. Bi#th stole my look. And he stole good. This is super amazing. Billy Porter,” SomGaga said on the gram. He of course is referring to his 2018 Feather Awards look. Somizi hosted the awards in November last year in what was almost a tuxedo dress look. The flambouyant personality wore a big, poofy pink skirt paired with a matching blazer and nothing underneath. In an interview with Vogue, Billy said he wanted to make a splash as well as a political statement on the red carpet. “I’ve always wanted to wear a ball gown, I just didn’t know when…We wanted to play between the masculine and the feminine. This look was interesting because it’s not drag. I’m not a drag queen, I’m a man in a dress. He came up with a tux on the top, and a ballgown that bursts out at the bottom. I wore it with Rick Owens shoes. Rick is very gender-bending and rock’n’roll. It’s a high, 6-inch chunky boot that makes me feel really grounded. And I rocked some Oscar Heyman fine jewelry with it,” he told the publication. Who do you think rocked the look best? Woooooo shemmmm I’m a trend blazer and setter. Bi#th stole my look. And he stole good. This is super amazing. @theebillyporter A post shared by  Somizi (@somizi) on Feb 24, 2019 at 10:34pm PST  When you come to the Oscars, you must dress up. Thanks @csiriano for creating this custom couture masterpiece. @oscarheyman you have outdone yourselves once again with your iconic jewels. Style by @sammyratelle / @rrrcreative Styling Associate: @ashleymarienyc Grooming by @heyannabee @TheAcademy #AcademyAwards2019 #oscars? ? #oscars2019? ? A post shared by  Billy Porter (@theebillyporter) on Feb 24, 2019 at 3:17pm PST   