THE South African Under-20 national team have one goal in mind – to qualify for the Fifa World Cup set to take place in Poland later this year at all cost. To achieve that goal, coach Thabo Senong’s charges will have to give a solid performance at the ongoing Under-20 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Niger. And so far so good for Amajita, who are making their eighth appearance at the biennial youth tournament. They have qualified for the last three Afcon tournaments in a row and will be looking to secure their maiden title. Amajita kicked off their campaign with a brave 1-1 draw against hosts Niger at a packed Seyni Kounché Stadium in Niamey on Saturday. While three points would have been ideal, Amajita will be pleased they got something out of a difficult game against the debutants who had their 12th man behind them. They next face Nigeria tomorrow at the same venue at 5.30pm (SA time). Amajita will be seeking all three points to advance to the semi-finals, which will see them realising their goal of qualifying for the World Cup. The Flying Eagles, who got their campaign off to a winning start with a comfortable 2-0 victory over Burundi, will prove to be another difficult challenge for Amajita. They currently top the table after their win with Amajita in second, Niger and Burundi are in third and fourth place respectively after one game. Senong has stressed the importance of not losing the first game, especially given his team’s lack of preparation going into the match. With the first game out of the way, Senong expect his side to be more attacking in their remaining games against Nigeria and Burundi. He will rely on Siphesihle Mkhize, who has a knack for goals having found the back of the net against Niger. “Football is about tactics,” said Senong. “Sometimes you can’t open yourself up in the first game of the tournament, you need to close the game and maybe look for counter attack. Second game maybe you can open up against Nigeria and Burundi, but I believe Niger will win all their other games because they are very strong.”