“JUDGING from where I come from, this feels like paradise.” This is how George Lebese described his January deadline transfer switch from Mamelodi Sundowns to SuperSport United.  For the first time yesterday, Lebese, who was born and bred in Mamelodi, opened up on his move to cross-town rivals. He painted a biblical picture of an ancient Israelite who’d been freed from Egypt.  “The switch has been good. Judging from where I come from, this feels like paradise. I’m very happy,” said Lebese. “I didn’t see this move happening because it happened on the last day. It was a bit stressful, but I was glad when it finally happened.  “I couldn’t have asked for anything than to join such a great club. It still feels like I’m home in Pretoria. I don’t expect to walk into the starting line. “But I have a fair opportunity to fight for a place in the team. It’s a new challenge.  “Obviously, the current loan deal is an opportunity for me to raise my hand and show the club what I can deliver. If I can achieve that, I’d love to see something permanent (move) happen. But for now the focus is just to help the team get points.” Lebese has already debuted for Matsatsantsa, providing an assist in their 3-2 league win against Golden Arrows last week. But tomorrow it’s the big one against Orlando Pirates, who they host at Mbombela Stadium (7.30pm).  The 30-year-old had a spell to forget at Chloorkop, frozen out for the better part of an 18-month stay. He couldn’t play a single match this season. He only made 10 appearances last season. “I haven’t been on the field for long and I need to catch up,” added Lebese. “I know most of the guys in the team and it hasn’t been difficult for me to adjust. The amazing reception has also been a confidence booster.” Lebese has already made an impression on United coach Kaitano Tembo, whom he has described as a big player.  “George has played for big teams and that says a lot about his quality. It takes a lot to leave a team like Sundowns,” said Tembo. “He is a creative player who can bring a different dimension to our attacking structure, and can also score goals. “He hasn’t played for seven months, though. But I’m motivated by his attitude in training. He looks very happy.” PSL’S WEEKLY FIXTURES