ANC National Chairperson Gwede Mantashe says he has written a letter which he intends sending to the commission of inquiry into state capture, informing it of his intention to give evidence after it was claimed controversial services company Bosasa paid hundreds of thousands of rands to upgrade security at his homes. Bosasa, now known as African Global Operations (AGO), has faced a barrage of allegations and evidence that it bribed senior ANC politicians and civil servants to score lucrative government tenders. Its former chief operations officer, Angelo Agrizzi, who was central to alleged bribery for over a decade spent nine days detailing how Bosasa would influence politicians. And on Thursday, the inquiry heard how the company spent about R300 000 rand on maintenance and security upgrades at three of Mantashe’s properties - one in Johannesburg, and two in the Eastern Cape.  Richard le Roux, a former Bosasa employee, who revealed the details about work done to Mantashe's properties and those of other ANC officials said he was not aware of any of the beneficiaries paying out of their own pockets for the work that was carried out. It's not the first time Mantashe has had to fight off these claims. In November last year, Mantashe denied lying about Bosasa installing CCTV cameras and electric fencing at his properties. This came after Bosasa executive Papa Leshabane - during an interview on eNCA - seemingly confirmed that Mantashe had personally called him to have the installations done at his homes.  However, only hours later Leshabane changed his tune, saying he "never interacted with Mr Mantashe directly" but rather with his "security detail".   Speaking on the sidelines of a working visit Saturday, Mantashe said he had to "clarify the issue". He released his comments in a series of three tweets. While not denying he had work done at his homes, Mantashe said the matter had "opened an avenue for quite a number of people to attack me in person from different angles". The #Bosasa issue has opened up an avenue for people to attack me in person from different angles. Others are disappointed for me to be associated with #BosasaSaga, which I apologise to. Others are "Fishers of Corrupt Men", those will be disappointed. I have to clarify the issue pic.twitter.com/eEBjLFpqZW — Gwede Mantashe (@GwedeMantashe1) February 2, 2019 Mantashe then added that he would take journalists to his homes to see the installations that had been done at each location, "so that they may report accurately". 1. On the 9th & 10th of February 2019, I will take a number of members of the media to all my 3 sites/residences in Boksburg, Cala & Elliot. I want them to see these security upgrades that are much talked about in the media so that they may report accurately #BosasaSaga pic.twitter.com/7UPfhhdotw  — Gwede Mantashe (@GwedeMantashe1) February 2, 2019 He said he would send his letter to the commission but didn't say by when.  2. I've already written a letter which I will send to the #StateCapture Commission that states my intentions to give evidence to the Commission. Before I do that, I want members of the media to visit my residences so that when I submit the evidence, they can put it into context pic.twitter.com/C68f5bfwiU  — Gwede Mantashe (@GwedeMantashe1) February 2, 2019 Mantashe appeared before the commission in November last year to address why the ANC called several of the country's biggest banks to Luthuli House to discuss the closure of the Gupta family's bank accounts. https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/mantashe-wants-to-testify-about-bosasa-security-upgrade-claims-offers-to-take-journos-to-his-homes-20190202 