FINALLY, South Africa Under-23 National team has a coach. David Notoane was confirmed as the Olympic Under-23 coach yesterday, filling the position which was left by Owen Da Gama in September 2017. The Mamelodi Sundowns Multichoice Diski Challenge (MDC) coach, who is not new in the national team setup, is expected to hit the ground running as the Under-23’s will begin their quest of qualifying for Tokyo 2020 Olympics in just three weeks-time. Amajita will play two-legged fixture against Angola with the first-round match away on 22 March, and the return leg is set for Mzansi on 26 March. The overall winner of this fixture will then play either Zimbabwe or eSwatini (Swaziland) or Mozambique for a ticket to the 8-Nation tournament scheduled for Egypt in November. This is where three top countries will qualify for Tokyo Olympics. Notoane will have to assemble his own new team from scratch, but ot goes without saying that he will borrow some of the players from Thabo Senong's Under-20s. The last time SA U-23s played on 10 August 2016 where they drew 1-1 with Iraq in their Olympic Group A last match. Then they were still under Da Gama who is now coaching Highlands Park in the Absa Premiership. The announcement was made on Wednesday by the South African Football Association (Safa) official Jack Maluleke, who is the chairperson of the national football body’s technical committee. Said maluleke: “We have full confidence in David, and we are very hopeful that with him at the helm, we will qualify for our successive Olympic tournament, following Rio in 2016." A cheerful Notoane yesterday revealed to SunSport that he has already started scouting players as they will be assembling for the camp in two weeks’ time. “I am very excited about this project and I am looking forward to do justice to the faith shown in me by doing my utmost best to qualify for Tokyo 2020 Olympics,” Notoane said. He added: "The job has already started, I only have less than a month to prepare a team that will play Angola twice. Notoane led Amajita to the historic Commonwealth Cup title in Russia in 2015 before helping current Under-20 Thabo Senong during the CAF 8-Nations tournament in Senegal the same year. He reached the final of the Durban annual Under-19 International tournament in 2016 before losing to Arsenal who were the eventual winners.  