SA UNDER-20 national men’s team midfielder, Luke Le Roux, believes their team spirit is the secret behind their success. Amajita have progressed to the semi-finals of the U-20 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon), where they will face defending champions Senegal at the Stade General Seyni Kountche in Niamey tomorrow at 8.30pm (SA time). They have also booked a spot at the Fifa U-20 World Cup set to take place in Poland from 23 May to 15 June this year. Thabo Senong’s boys will be making their second consecutive appearance at the biennial international men’s youth football championship, having also taken part in the 2017 edition, which was staged in South Korea. Amajita have been in impressive form since their last defeat, coming in that tournament at the hands of European powerhouse Italy over a year ago. Le Roux, who scored the penalty that proved to be the winning goal against Burundi, says the team’s togetherness has brought them this far. “This is a great group of players,” he said. “Therefore, we understand one another. Some of us have been together for quite a long time, and there is also good team spirit coming all the way from management to the coaches and the players. “Everything is just amazing. The players love each other. We are like brothers now, so we trust one another and that’s what teammates should do.” The SuperSport United youngster, who has been one of the key players for Amajita over the past year, is expecting a tough encounter against Senegal in the semi-finals. The 18-year-old is ready to help Amajita improve their best finish at the tournament. They will need to be at their best, especially offensively, if they are to progress to their first ever Afcon final at this level. “The next match against Senegal will not be easy,” added Le Roux. “We know what we are up against. It’s going to be a very hard challenge, but the coaches have been preparing us since the camp we had in Nelspruit and in Joburg. “We knew what to expect in this tournament, especially in the knockout stages. “It’s just getting tougher and tougher, but we have been training hard and we will see what we will get against Senegal.”