THERE was chaos towards the end of  the Limpopo State of the Province Address by Premier Mathabatha where the unimpressed EFF members were booted out of Legislature. The EFF chairperson Jossey Buthane was not happy about the singing of ANC struggle songs when Premier Mathabatha had finish with his specch and further refused to sit down accusing  the Speaker Polly Boshielo of failing to control ANC members who sang none stop while the house was in session. A group of about ten men wearing white shirts and black trousers were then called in and forcefully dragged out the red berets. The incident happened on Friday afternoon at Jack Botes Hall in Polokwane, Limpopo where the opening of the Provincial Legislature was held. The unhappy Limpopo EFF leader Buthane told the speaker to collapse the house because there was not order as members were left singing out loud which were joined by the gallery. "This is no longer a house, collapse it because you have let ANC members causing a disorder. We also going to do as we like because you have let them do as they like while the house was in full session." He told the speaker. Buthane further crossed over to the other side where Premier Mathabatha was seating and put his arm over his shoulder and that’s when the ugly scenes began to unfold. The EFF’s Jossey Bothane was restrained after his actions and with one of their own getting into a scuffle, that gave his fellow party members the green-light to see red. The white-shirts ended up fighting with several EFF members who weren’t happy with the way Bothane was being treated. Punching, kicking and shoving then becomes the order of the day as security services wrestle for control amid the chaos. Buthane was also not happy with Mathabatha's speech about the progress made on the state of sanitation at schools. "He said nothing, he repeated what he said in the previous year when he opened the Legislature and he continued about that they have made a progress on improving Sanitation at schools but we had a child who died in a pit toilet and we still have lot of schools who still don't have proper toilets." He said. The Limpopo DA Leader Jacque Smalle said they are not happy with the quality of education in the province "We still have schools that still get 0% pass rates and the Premier can't brag about that." Smalle said.