South
African National Parks commemorates International Ranger day. The
day is observed on the 31st of July to commemorate rangers killed or injured in
the line of duty. On
the day the work rangers do to protect the world’s natural and cultural
treasures is celebrated. Today the South African National Parks (SANParks) with
the Cape Region management and staff and various stakeholders such as the South
African Navy, City of Cape Town Law Enforcement and CapeNature, hosted an event
at Mouille Point in Sea Point, Cape Town to celebrate rangers in Mzansi. "Our
rangers stand up to poachers almost daily as they battle to end the decimation
of wildlife species, ranging from the poaching of rhino and abalone to the
illegal removal of plants such as cycads and Proteas," SANParks Managing
Executive of Parks, Mr Property Mokoena said. Mokoena
addressed the event which was attended by rangers. He said that the Cape Region
has borne the brunt of poaching, muggings and a number of unfortunate incidents
that have resulted in deaths, placing a greater burden on the field rangers
working here as is the case in most other protected areas in South Africa. "Your
integrity and high moral ground is to the benefit of the many citizens of our
country and the world. The work that you do today in preserving and conserving
our country’s natural assets will not only ensure social benefits for the
country but also economic assistance and opportunities for many years to
come," Mokoena said. Mokoena
said that in efforts to address some of the challenges faced by the Cape
Region, they are in the process of appointing 120 Tourism Monitors which will
be deployed into different functional areas of which safety is one of the
priorities. "The programme is funded by the National Department of
Tourism, and these monitors will be based in all Cape Region parks including
Table Mountain National Park," Mokoena said. Mokoena
added that the programme is a great opportunity preparing young men and women
to grow within the organisation and also to learn new skills that will empower
them for the formal job market in the near future. "We
are proud to have them on board and foresee great results coming from this team
in assisting us in making our national parks a safe and enjoyable destination
for visitors," Mokoena said. To
address the issues faced by SANParks Mokoena said that the solutions needed
must be based on partnerships with stakeholders such as the South African
Police Service, the South African Navy, City of Cape Town Law Enforcement,
CapeNature, Neighbourhood Watch groups, private sector security companies and
community outreach organisations such as Take Back our Mountain, and many more
other significant role players.