PUBLIC Enterprise Minister, Pravin Gordhan, and President Cyril Ramaphosa have told the Gauteng North High Court in Tshwane that Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane’s report against Gordhan should be suspended while the minister takes it for review. Public Protector’s lawyer, Advocate Thabani Masuku, told the court that his client ordinarily would have not opposed Gordhan’s court application had he not belittled her office. Sikhakhane said under normal circumstances the Public Protector would not oppose the application but Gordhan has made upsetting allegations against her. He argued that Gordhan’s stance that Mkhebane was a liar and a peddler of fake news was not consistence with his duty to protect the chapter Nine institution. Mkhwebane was opposing the Minister’s application to interdict her remedial actions on her report at the High Court yesterday (Tuesday). Thousands of EFF members came to throw in their support to the Public Protector. Party Leader, Julius Malema, also sent his legal team to oppose Gordhan’s application. Gordhan has approached the Court for an interdict in relation to Mkhwebane's report on the so-called rogue unit, pending a full judicial review. In her investigation, Mkhwebane found that the establishment of the unit was unlawful and instructed Ramaphosa to take appropriate disciplinary action against Gordhan. In his submission Gordhan’s Lawyer, Advocate Wim Trengove, argued that if the Public Protector's remedial action was implemented before his review application was finalised, he may suffer irreparable harm. He said Mkhwebane’s own words demonstrated the harm which could be caused to Gordhan if the enforcement of the remedial action was not suspended. “The strongest articulation of the irreparable harm comes from the mouth of the Public Protector, who says if the president were to fire you on the basis of my report today, a successful review may not get you back your job down the line,” he said. Trengove, also stated that Mkhwebane’s findings relied on an earlier report by Advocate Muzi Sikhakhane, which has been rejected.He said that the Public Protector failed to afford Gordhan a chance to be heard before deciding on the remedial action. EFF Lawyer, Advocate Tembeka Ngcukaitobi told the court that there won't be a calamity if the interdict isn't granted as there are valid allegations against Gordhan and Ramaphosa can reject the PP's facts and act against Gordhan how he chooses. He argued that “Gogo Dlamini” may in future not be able to receive justice because of such urgent interdicts, if the courts grant them, which are similar to the one being sought by Gordhan. North Gauteng High Court has reserved Judgement. The Judge said she understands the urgency of the matter and will work fast to deliver her ruling.On the other hand when rains it pours for Mkhwebani. On Tuesday, the Legal Practice Council confirmed that it had received a request for Public Protector, Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane, to be struck off the roll of advocates. This following the Monday’s Constitutional Court judgement against her.            