APHIWE Dyantyi is never short of motivation. One can trust the flying Springbok winger to go into his second Rugby Championship as ever oozing confidence. “This might not be World War One. But it is still a battle to be won for the nation,” said Dyantyi. “It is exciting to be in the Boks set-up. I don’t think it gets any better than this for any professional rugby player, getting an opportunity to represent your country.” The Boks are in camp preparing for the Rugby Championship that begins with a home Test against Australia at Loftus Versfeld on 20 July. And as always, Dyantyi is itching to get back onto the pitch, looking to recapture the form that made him the IRB Young Rugby Player of the Year. Players, though, invariably find it increasingly difficult to repeat great feats. Will it be easy or difficult for Dyantyi to maintain the standard he has set? “Easy or hard... it doesn’t really matter,” Dyantyi said with a chuckle. “If it’s difficult I would have made it difficult for myself. For me being on the field is exciting enough. The bigger the spectacle is, the more excited I get. “The prospect of representing my country at the World Cup makes it more exciting. I’m looking forward to the two campaigns.” Admittedly, the Championship draw doesn’t really suit coach Rassie Erasmus’s plans as he also builds towards the World Cup. The Bok coach explained his team selection may be influenced by the fixture schedule which will see South Africa start the campaign at home before travelling to Argentina and New Zealand for the two remaining away games. “We see the Rugby Championship as part of the build up to the World Cup. We have to do well in the tournament as we look ahead to Japan,” said Erasmus. “You can’t isolate the two. The idea is to win the Championship for the first time in 10 years and build confidence going to the World Cup. ”If we were maybe playing New Zealand first, away and then Argentina, we could have picked the best in-form side. But the draw means we have to split our resources.”