 Police raided Woodstock Hospital, where around 900 people are
living, at about 02:00 on Thursday. They arrested about 40 people. All were released from
Woodstock police station by Thursday afternoon without being charged, GroundUp
reports. According to residents the police were accompanied by
soldiers from the SANDF and the City of Cape Town's law enforcement, but
GroundUp is unable to confirm this, because neither SAPS nor the City would
provide detailed comment. There are about 900 people living in Woodstock Hospital. The illegal occupation started in March 2017 and is led by
housing activist group Reclaim the City. The residents have renamed the
hospital Cissie Gool House, after the famous anti-apartheid activist. Residents made several allegations about the raid, including
that they asked for a warrant but were not shown one. They also accuse police
of stealing from them, and forcing a disabled man to stand against a wall. The City of Cape Town asked GroundUp to direct questions to
SAPS as the lead agency on the operation. Police spokesperson Lieutenant Colonel Andre Traut refused
to answer questions, saying that he could not do so before an investigation. He
said complaints could be lodged with the management of Woodstock police station
or with Independent Police Investigative Directorate (IPID). Residents said they have been raided several times, and that
the police found nothing incriminating. When GroundUp arrived at the scene in the morning, children,
who had missed school for the day, were standing outside. Some residents had
taken off work to fix doors that were broken during the raid. They were also
rearranging their furniture and packing their clothes which were strewn about
during the raid. Reclaim the City leader Fagmeeda Ling said the police rushed
in and banged and kicked open doors. Ling said they expected to be raided because they had been
warned at a public meeting last week. She accused the police of not treating the residents as
humans. She said residents would have accommodated the police if they had
"engaged" them. A learner at a local high school described how the police
were refused entrance by security guards. So they broke a lock, while others climbed over a fence to
get into the hospital grounds. The learner said they entered their neighbour's room and
broke his furniture, cupboards and beds. When they found nothing they moved on
to their house and "turned it upside down". "Standing up for my mother, I became rude and told them
this is our place not theirs and we haven't done anything wrong. We couldn't go
to school because we are tired. They have been here since 02:00 and only left
after four," he said. A bedridden man, Jodie (surname withheld), said that police
broke down his door and forced their way into his tiny room and told him to
stand up. But when he told them he can't sit up or stand they made fun of him. Mohamedy Ally, a Tanzanian refugee who has been living in
South Africa since 2003, was released without any charge. He said that it was
lucky the raid happened while his 9-year-old son and wife were visiting his
mother-in-law. He said they stayed at the police station till 10:00.
"The captain said that we were waiting for immigration officers but they
did not come. Then he released us," he said. Ally claimed that police took R150 from his jacket. He also
claimed that at the station, they were separated into immigrants, blacks and
coloureds. He claimed that some of those arrested went to the police station in
what they were wearing without a jacket. He alleged that a woman brought a
jacket for her husband and the police said to her: "Hey just go away.
Don't make shit here." Mischka Everts told GroundUp she was breastfeeding her baby
when police knocked open her door. The door fell on her and injured her arm.
She claims one of the officers told her she was "living a luxurious
life". Shaking, as she spoke to GroundUp, another woman said the
officers didn't find anything. They took away immigrants and people with tattoos. She added that one of the officers rudely told her that
police have a right to break down government property because they are
government employees. "Instead of being there in Manenberg where they are
more needed they are here terrorising innocent people," she said. Bevil Lucas, a Reclaim the City leader and resident, claimed
that the manner in which the raids took place in the early morning was
reminiscent of the way police behaved under apartheid. SOURCE: NEWS24