How does one find a balance between being a compulsive
germaphobe who's constantly cleaning or the lax parent letting kids chow down
on mud pies? This disease, most commonly a problem among people who live
in developing countries, is a bacterial infection that usually attacks the
lungs. It can also affect other parts of the body, such as the brain, spinal
cord and kidneys. Autistic savant 'reads minds' Somewhere between the Mom who obsessively wipes down every
knob and toy her child might touch, and the Dad who thinks rolling in the dirt
is "good" for kids, there's a healthy medium, British experts say. Influenza (Flu) This is an infectious disease commonly called "the flu." It targets your respiratory system. For some people, an influenza infection can be very serious. "We have to find a way to protect against infectious
diseases and harmful microbes, whilst at the same time sustaining exposure to
the essential beneficial microbes in our world," explained Sally Bloomfield. How much dirt is okay? Bloomfield is a member of the International Scientific Forum
on Home Hygiene, and also the co-author of a new report that surveyed British
adults on their attitude towards dirt and germs in the home. The 2018 survey, from the Royal Society for Public Health,
suggests people are confused about how much dirt is OK. A lot of that confusion
is probably coming from the rise of the "hygiene hypothesis" – the
notion that today's homes are overly sanitised, and kids need contact with
germs to build up healthy immune systems. But this notion can be taken too far, as Bloomfield's group
found. In fact, nearly one in four people polled agreed with the
statement that "hygiene in the home is not important because children need
to be exposed to harmful germs to build their immune system". Men were twice as likely as women to express that opinion. On the other hand, misconceptions around the level of
"danger" posed by dirt were also common. Bloomfield's team found that "almost two-thirds of
those we surveyed (61%) said touching a child's dirty hands after they have
been playing outside was likely to spread harmful germs". But that's simply not true. In fact, "there is little
evidence that outdoor dirt and soil is contaminated with harmful microbes
(unless there are animals nearby)," according to the report. Different germs, different hazards Bloomfield, a researcher at the London School of Hygiene and
Tropical Medicine, said the key thing to remember is that all germs are not
created equal. Exposure to diverse microbes from other people, domestic
animals and the natural environment do help build a healthy immune system and
microbiome – the varied microbes normally living in the gut and respiratory
tract, experts agree. However, exposure to the wrong types of germs can both
weaken the microbiome and cause infections. And if those infections require antibiotics,
"good" bacteria in the gut get destroyed along with the bad, they
pointed out. So, how to find a balance between being a compulsive
germaphobe who's constantly cleaning or the lax parent letting kids chow down on
mud pies? Bloomfield believes a new, more nuanced model, called
"targeted hygiene", is probably the answer. Targeted hygiene means intervening with kids and their
environment, but only when you can stop the risk of infection. This doesn't
necessarily mean avid cleaning. Cleaning does get rid of visible dirt, but it
won't necessarily reduce the risk of infection. What does? Handwashing. Handwashing is a simple component of targeted hygiene, and
should be timed to certain activities, Bloomfield said. "Our own bodies, our food and our domestic animals are
the most likely sources of spread of infection – so the times that matter are
[times such as] when we handle raw food, when we use the toilet, when we care
for our pets, when we are infected or caring for someone who is infected,"
she explained. So, be sure to wash your hands well: When you first come home If you've been caring for or playing with a pet After toileting Before eating or preparing food After handling raw meat, fruits or vegetables After sneezing, coughing or blowing your nose 'Common sense' clean Most – but not all – of the British adults surveyed seem to
understand the value of hand washing, since "73% of respondents said they
'always' washed their hands thoroughly with soap after using the toilet and
after preparing raw meat", the report found. In addition to hand washing, Bloomfield said other important
measures include cleaning surfaces that come into contact with food, cleaning
surfaces regularly touched by many people, and washing dishcloths immediately
after using them so they don't spread germs. Dr Aaron Glatt is a spokesperson for the Infectious Diseases
Society of America. He reviewed the new report and said he "likes the idea
of targeted hygiene". "Good common sense remains the best way to prevent
infection," Glatt said. "You don't need to wash your hands 40 times a
day, but appropriate hand washing needs to be stressed. If you've just come out
of the bathroom or are going to be preparing foods, wash your hands." When it comes to routine cleaning, Glatt said the kitchen
and bathrooms are two major areas that need attention.  He agreed that pets can potentially be a point of
transmission for infection, but if they're cared for properly, they shouldn't
be a concern. "We even allow pets into the hospital for
therapy," Glatt said. "In general, kids and pets interact in a
positive way." Again, common sense should be your guide: "Kids
shouldn't let a pet lick their plate and then eat from it," Glatt said. SOURCE: HEALTH24