The winter season is almost over and Spring is about to hit us with the fresh breeze of colour and that means our skin will also be going through changes. Everyone is now obsessed with glowing skin and what a perfect time to show off that glowing skin than Spring/Summer season and these 3 masks can help you do that. These 3 are a power trio that will help you get a healthier and clearer skin even if you want to use them separately you can do that. You can use these masks two to three times a week depending on what you skin needs. These masks are very easy to make and need about 3 ingredients each that you might already have at home. Here are the 3 homemade Masks to try: 1. Mask 1 Softer skin (Papaya and Honey Mask ) Ingredients: 1 papaya, seeds discarded 1 Tbsp. raw honey Method: Blend the papaya and honey until smooth or coarsely mash with a fork. Apply to clean face for 10 to 15 minutes. Rinse off with lukewarm water and pat skin dry. 2. Mask 2 Calms your Skin (Cucumber and yogurt Mask) Ingredients: - 3 ounces diced cucumber, or 1 small cucumber diced - 3 tablespoons tea oil - 2 tablespoons yogurt Method: Pulse ingredients in a blender or food processor until smooth. Apply mask to skin, and let sit for 15 minutes. Similar to the hydrating mask, this one uses tea tree oil instead of olive oil. Tea tree oil is an anti-bacterial that makes your face feel clean and fresh. This mask is great for healing acne, too. 3. Mask 3 to Brighten your skin (Egg, Honey and Ingredients:- 1 egg white - 1 teaspoon of fresh lemon juice - ½ teaspoon of honey Method:In a clean mixing bowl, whisk together the egg white and lemon juice until the mixture becomes frothy. The lemon juice masks the odour of the egg white. Add ½ teaspoon of honey and stir well. Wash your face with warm water to open up your pores. Using clean hands or a cotton ball, apply the mixture onto your face, avoiding the sensitive areas around your mouth and eyes.Relax yourself as you wait for the mixture to settle and dry on your face. You can lie down and breathe deeply, thinking happy thoughts!Keep the mask on for 10-15 minutes. When the mixture has completely dried on your face, gently scrub it off using warm water, tackling all areas of your face in a circular motion. Pat dry with a towel and marvel at the smooth feel of your skin! 