Duduzane Zuma, the son of former president Jacob Zuma, has been found
not guilty of the charge of culpable homicide in the Randburg Magistrate's
Court. Zuma was on trial after Phumzile Dube died in February 2014 when Zuma's
car crashed into a taxi in which she was travelling. He pleaded not guilty to the charge. While delivering his judgment on Friday, Magistrate Tebogo Thupaatlase
said the court was mandated to find out whether Zuma was driving negligently or
not. Duduzane Zuma, the son of former president Jacob Zuma, took the witness
stand in the Randburg Magistrate's Court on Wednesday to give his version of
events on the day Phumzile Dube died. Thupaatlase said on a charge of culpable homicide state should prove whether
the driver of a vehicle was supposed to have seen a possible death. He said
negligence must be evaluated in the circumstances of each case. He said the evidence before the court had established that the weather
conditions were bad and that had been confirmed by a climatologist who took
witness stand. No evidence Thupaatlase said there was no evidence on record that showed what speed
Zuma should have driven on the day that would have avoided the crash. He said
three witnesses had testified that aquaplaning could have happened even at low
speed. "There is no evidence that the accused should have foreseen the
puddle... There is no evidence showing what steps he should have taken to avoid
aquaplaning," he said. He said the state failed to prove the case beyond reasonable doubt Zuma said he was travelling from Fourways to Saxonwold and had joined
the highway from William Nicol Drive. He told the court that there was heavy
rain and poor visibility. He also told the court that he had been driving at a speed of about
120km/h and had hit a puddle of water, which resulted in his vehicle losing
control and spinning. Submitting closing arguments in the Randburg Magistrate's Court in June,
Zuma's advocate Mike Hellens said, if the court took into consideration the
evidence submitted by all parties, on the balance of probabilities, it would
find Zuma not guilty. While prosecutor Yusuf Baba argued that Zuma was not a careful driver on
the day of the crash, Hellens asked: "What could he have done?" Baba had submitted that Zuma could have prevented his car from
aquaplaning on the day. Forensic engineer and accident reconstruction expert Konrad Lotter had
also corroborated Zuma's defence argument that he had lost control of his
Porsche 911 after it hit a puddle of water. He said it was possible the vehicle lost control due to aquaplaning. It
was not necessary that it would have done so at an excessive speed, Lotter had
testified. SOURCE: NEWS24