DESPITE the lack of excitement from some fans about their progression to the knockout stages of the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) through the “backdoor” in Egypt, Bafana Bafana are looking forward to the next round. They sneaked through to the Last 16 of the new look 24 team tournament by clinching one of the four best third-placed finisher’s spots after finishing third in Group D. Bafana finished with three points from as many games that included two 1-0 losses to the Ivory Coast and Morocco respectively, and one win against Namibia (1-0). They needed a favour from Mali in the last game of the first round to pip Angola to the final spot in the Last 16. Stuart Baxter’s charges will now face tournament hosts Egypt at the Cairo International Stadium on Saturday (9pm) for a spot in the quarter-finals. Baxter believes his team will rise to the occasion against the Pharaohs in front of their vociferous fans. “It’s a great challenge and one that the whole squad are looking forward to,” said Baxter as they look at someone to stop Mohamed Salah. “I think the groups have been tight, ours was very tough. The people that think we’ve got through the back door must realise that we were seconds away from getting through on our own power. “Nevertheless, we’ve got this opportunity now to play against the hosts in front of a load of people, it will be a very hostile environment and that’s where you want people to stand up. I think the group are looking forward to it.” Baxter is aware that his side will need to up their game significantly to get the better of the hosts who boast the continent’s best player in Salah. “Our defensive play has been good for the most part but we now have to add a good functioning attacking game to that,” added Baxter. “The boys want to go through to the next round, I don’t think we have to change anything, we just need to strengthen some areas. “I don’t think mentally we need to lift them, they know that both games we lost were very close. I feel the players want to prove that they can be better, they can be more efficient and improvise a bit more. Baxter has received quite a lot of criticism with regard to his team selection with many questioning his decision to keep the best player in the PSL in the past season, Thembinkosi Lorch, on the bench. “Team section is always an issue, for media and supporters because that’s what opinion is,” said Baxter. “As the coach, I’m the one that’s equipped with the most information about the way the players are mentally, physically and whether they suit the game.” 