Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo has adjourned the
commission into state capture until Friday after former president Jacob Zuma's
legal team complained that their client had been brought in under false
pretences. This came after Zuma's legal team threatened to withdraw him
from testifying, with advocate Muzi Sikhakhane saying that his client was being
cross-examined on hearsay testimony. What was meant to be a 30-minute recess to discuss a
possible withdrawal turned into an hour-long deliberation between the
commission's and Zuma's legal teams on whether the former president would
continue giving his testimony. Zuma's legal team complained that evidence leader Paul
Pretorius was focusing on smaller details of former minister Barbara Hogan's
testimony that he had interfered to appoint Siyabonga Gama into the position of
Transnet CEO. Zuma believes that he has been victimised by the commission. After the hour-long deliberation, Zondo told attendees the
commission's legal team had agreed with Zuma's legal representatives that they
needed a day to discuss his concerns. "It has been decided that we should adjourn the
proceedings for the day and we should not sit tomorrow, in order to give a full
opportunity to the commission's legal team and former president's legal team,
which would involve the former president as well, to see whether a way can be
found in which his concerns are addressed, without the commission compromising
any part of their investigation," Zondo said. Zondo reiterated his statement on Tuesday that all sides
must find a way to work cohesively, given the environment. Zuma started giving testimony on Monday, kicking off his
appearance with a lengthy statement in which he claimed there was a
long-running plot against him. 'My client is clearly
being cross-examined' On several occasions he told the commission that he knew of
plots to kill him. On Tuesday morning, he said his personal assistant had
received a call after his first day at the inquiry, with the person on the
other end telling her they were going to "kill" Zuma and his
children. Zuma objected to being cross-examined when Pretorius wanted
to question him about Hogan's statement to the commission. Zondo explained that, just because Zuma had answered
something, it did not mean that that was the end of it. He said the commission
had to weigh up all the evidence and ensure it had a full picture. Sikhakhane, requested a short adjournment around 14:30,
saying he wanted his client to "consider his position". "I have a view that my client was brought in under
false pretences. My client is clearly being cross-examined. I want my client to
consider his position - I advised him to come here in bona fides and I do not
think I was right." https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/zondo-commission-adjourns-until-friday-after-zuma-threatens-to-withdraw-20190717 