The Legal Practice Council is expected to deliberate on
whether Public Protector Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane should be struck off the
roll on Friday.  This after it received a request from non-profit
organisation, Accountability Now, who wrote to the Council following Monday
morning's Constitutional Court judgment which found Mkhwebane had acted in bad
faith and put forward a "number of falsehoods" in the Absa/Bankorp
case. The LPC, which regulates the legal profession, confirmed to
Fin24 on Tuesday that it had received the request. "Council requests to be afforded time to review the
Constitutional Court judgment and its implications in the light of the request
for a striking off application," the LPC’s acting executive officer
Charity Nzuza wrote in an email to Fin24. On Wednesday, however, Accountability Now said the LPC had
confirmed that it would be deliberated on Friday. Advocate Paul Hoffman, director at Accountability Now, told
the LPC, "As you know, it is intolerable that an officer of the court
should be found to be lying on oath. Our highest court has so found in respect
of Ms Mkhwebane. Her response that the judgment of the court creates a bad
precedent is contemptuous of the court and does her no credit." Hoffman's letters and Nzuzu's responses were also provided
in a press release by Accountability Now. The Constitutional Court majority judgment upheld a February
2018 North Gauteng High Court ruling that Mkhwebane pay 15% of the SA Reserve
Bank’s legal fees in the Absa/Bankorp review case. Her remedial action that
Absa Bank should pay back R1.2bn for an apartheid era bailout to its subsidiary
and the central bank’s mandate should be widened, were set aside. The apex court found she had acted in bad faith and put
forward a "number of falsehoods" during the litigation. The LPC is relatively new and started operating in November
2018. The regulatory body includes both advocates and attorneys for the first
time and bar associations can continue to exist as voluntary organisations. Having high profile officials struck off the roll of
advocates has previously proven difficult. The General Council of the Bar lost
its appeal to the ConCourt in June to have senior National Prosecuting
Authority officials, Nomgcobo Jiba and Lawrence Mrwebi removed as advocates. The court found then that the bar did not establish that the
matter fell within its jurisdiction. It is unclear how this will affect the new
regulatory and the complaint involving Mkhwebane. Mkhwebane’s CV to Parliament lists her as an advocate of the
High Court and having obtained B. Proc and LLB degrees in the early 1990s from
the University of the North (Currently the University of Limpopo).  https://www.fin24.com/Economy/legal-body-reviewing-request-for-mkhwebane-to-be-struck-from-the-advocates-roll-20190723