A nutrition expert on food supplements Professor Kristina Norman works at the German Institute of Human Nutrition and at the Charite University Hospital in Berlin, where she heads the department of nutrition and gerontology. Body & Mind: Medicinal Mushrooms Celebrities go to great lengths to make sure they eat as healthy as possible. One food favored lately by A-listers is medicinal mushrooms. An Underrated Superfood: Sattu Gram flour, or sattu is undoubtedly the most underestimated Indian superfood. it has some very important nutritional properties leading to several health benefits. Monsiha Ashokan tells us all about this underrated superfood and the many ways you ... John Legend starts his day with salad John Legend has shared that he starts his day with a healthy salad after learning he has "hereditary cholesterol issues". Sam Smith decided to 'reclaim his body' Sam Smith has spoken out about his battle with eating disorders, insisting that he has "reclaimed his body" for a new photoshoot. Beyonce left stranded after stage malfunction during concert Beyonce was left stranded after a flying stage malfunctioned during her and husband JAY-Z's concert in Poland recently. Order inflow will pick up in coming quarters: Rohan Suryavanshi, Dilip Buildcon Rohan Suryavanshi, Head of planning and strategy at Dilip Buildcon, shares the growth outlook for the firm, orders coming in as well as ongoing projects. He also commented on NHAI getting cabinet approval for infra projects. Health Benefits Of Makhanas Makhanas, also called foxnuts, make for one of the tastiest snacks. Popularly used as fasting food, their health benefits outweigh those of dry fruits. Monisha Ashokan tells us all about them. Chris Pratt embarks on intermittent fasting diet Actor Chris Pratt is giving intermittent fasting a try as he begins shaping up for a new film project. Petitpas Taylor takes aim at Conservative critique of new food guide Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor says Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer is spreading misinformation about Canada’s new food guide. Petitpas Taylor held a news conference in Ottawa on Monday to say the Conservatives are willing to throw away... Stay Hydrated With These Healthy Summer Drinks Staying hydrated is important to keep going in this sweltering heat and maintaining good health. Here's a list of some healthy drinks one must have in the summers by our nutritionist Pooja Malhotra. Beyonce causes Twitter storm with unimpressed look at woman chatting to Jay-Z Beyonce caused a Twitter storm on Wednesday when cameras caught her flashing an unimpressed look at a woman talking to her husband JAY-Z during their date night. Beyonce and Jay-Z announce then delete new tour dates Beyonce and Jay-Z recently got fans excited about the prospect that they may head out on tour together again, as she recently posted some dates on her official Facebook page, as well as on the ticket sales website Ticketmaster. Body & Mind: Chocolate Room We often talk about taking care of your body, staying fit and eating healthy. While chocolate may not be the first thing that comes to mind when you think about healthy food, at the Soneva Fushi resort in the Maldives, there's a whole room filled ... A vegan-turned-carnivore defends feeding her son on a meat-only diet A vegan-turned-carnivore has defended not giving her toddler son any vegetables, feeding him instead the same diet of steak, organs and bone marrow that she now swears by. Chance the Rapper forced to eat vegetable after losing bet Chance the Rapper doesn't like his vegetables and was forced to eat broccoli after losing a bet to Megan Thee Stallion. Oprah Winfrey new co-founder of healthy food chain Oprah Winfrey has signed on as the newest investor of healthy dining chain TRUE FOOD KITCHEN. Camila Cabello rules 2018 MTV Video Music Awards The former Fifth Harmony star was named Artist of the Year midway through the New York City show, and ended the night by topping Drake, Ariana Grande, Bruno Mars and Cardi B, Childish Gambino, and Beyonce and JAY-Z. Would You Eat These Bizarre Retro Recipes? Some foods were never meant to be on the same plate together, So how did some modern-age, stomach-turning recipes come to be? Blame history. Japan's planning a digital money network: source Japan's government is leading a global push to set up an international network for cryptocurrency payments, similar to the SWIFT network used by banks, in an effort to fight money laundering, a person familiar with the plan said on Thursday (July 18) Weather Network, meat industry beef over video A meat industry association has demanded the Weather Network remove a video from its website that urges Canadians to consume less red meat. The Canadian Cattlemen's Association (CCA) says the video primarily claims that cows require more resources... Jeremy Corbyn unveils GBP3.5bn River Mersey renewable energy plan Jeremy Corbyn said a Labour government would invest GBP3.5 billion in a major project to harness the power of the River Mersey while on a visit to Liverpool on Friday.

Mr Corbyn said the plans would generate electricity for hundreds of thousands ... Zoe Saldana was laid off from fast food job for feeding the homeless Actress Zoe Saldana apparently constantly got canned from her job at Burger King for handing out free meals to the poor. ASX: COI Market update July 2019 - Tor McCaul Boardroom.Media CEO Will Canty speak to Managing Director Tor McCaul Coal about their projects and growth plans for the energy sector. We tried Plant Power, the vegan fast-food chain taking over the West Coast Plant Power is a 100% vegan fast-food chain based in California. It serves everything from buffalo wings to burgers and is rapidly expanding along the West Coast. We visited one of the San Diego locations to see how vegan fast food compares to tra... Beyonce adopted extreme diet ahead of Coachella return Beyonce has revealed that she took her vegan diet to an extreme level whilst preparing for her headline performance at the 2018 Coachella music festival. Ketogenic Diet: Is High Fat, Low-Carb Diet Good For Health? Ketogenic diet is a high-fat low-carb diet, which scores of people are adopting to achieve quick weight loss, and has been in the talks from quite some time. The diet focuses on having high amounts of healthy, high-quality fats and lean proteins, ... Fish Fish is traditionally seen as a healthy food, but today there's lots of talk of heavy metals and dioxins in our seafood. So what should we believe? Berries Is the reputation of berries as a nutritional superfruit deserved or is it just marketing hype? Rice, Pasta, Noodles Should processed starchy staples be off the menu? Global Junk Food Food manufacturers in Europe have signed up to 'responsibility pledges', promising no added sugar, preservatives, artificial colours or flavours and not to target children. So why are they using tactics banned in the West in the developing world? Tour de France cyclists focus on nutrition Tour de France cyclists are increasingly focusing on nutrition as they try to power themselves through the grueling race. Jason Momoa gave up diet and exercise regiment after 'Aquaman' shoot Jason Momoa has shared how he was pretty eager to get back to eating his favourite foods after wrapping production on ‘Aquaman’, and he quickly ditched dieting in favour of bread and butter every day! 4 Simple tips to help you get a flatter tummy There are some easy changes you can make to tone and trim your tummy. Eat healthily most of the time, implement these changes and you should start to see results! Are Eggs Good For Your Heart? How Many Eggs Should You Eat In A Week? A U.S. based study conducted recently said that excessive consumption of eggs may take a toll on your heart health. Clinical Nutritionist Rupali Datta busts all myths surrounding eggs. She takes us through health benefits of eggs, and also tells u... Plant-based burgers may not be as healthy as they seem Plant-based meat alternatives are all the rage right now. The Impossible Burger and the Beyond Meat Burger are two of the top-selling vegan patties. Nutritionists told the media that these burgers may be less healthy than beef burgers due to being... Beyonce and Jay-Z advocating for vegan diet in new book Beyonce and Jay Z are urging fans and followers to adopt a plant-based diet in the introduction for a new book. Ice Cream Is ice cream simply fat and sugar-laden junk food or is there some nutritional goodness? Beyonce and JAY-Z request gold cribs for twins to use on tour Beyonce and JAY-Z's second joint tour will see them travel the world with their three children this time, and they plan to do it in style. Beyonce and Jay-Z give ode to Meghan during Brit Awards speech The Carters gave the Duchess of Sussex a special mention during their Brit Awards speech after picking up Best International Group. Healthy Vegan Diet: How To Make Zucchini Noodles At Home Over the last few years, veganism has become a common phenomenon. But it's not just reserved for the rich and famous anymore. It has trickled down to the common man - one who wants to restrict what he eats to what he can trust. And if your worry i... Beyonce and Jay-Z offer vegan fans the chance to win concert tickets for life Beyonce and Jay Z have offered fans who adopt at least a partially vegan diet the chance to win gig tickets for life. Junk Food Sugar, fat and salt are the three big nasties in our modern diet, and they're lurking in junk food - those delicious treats we can't resist. Purple Coloured Summer Fruits True to their colour, these purple to red coloured fruits are truly superfoods. They are powerful agents of good health and weight loss. Pooja Malhotra, Delhi based nutritionist, tells us all about them. Beyonce and Jay-Z helped Louvre bosses snag a new attendance record Beyonce and Jay Z have just been credited with boosting attendance at Paris art museum the ‘Louvre’ after shutting the place down for a music video in 2018 Trust Me I'm A Doctor: Series 6 - Episode 2 With a look at boosting metabolism, the effects of air pollution, and eating disorders. Beyonce and Jay-Z donating  $1.1 million for college scholarships Beyonce and Jay Z are teaming up to provide $1.1 million in scholarships to help "exceptional" high school students continue their education. Crowded Pet Food Industry 'Increasingly Looking at Wellness': Ollie CEO Ollie CEO Nick Stafford told Cheddar sees that a desire for health and premium-quality food will drive competition in the increasingly dog-eat-dog pet space. Diet Tips For Diabetics To help manage your blood sugar levels, try the following diet tips by our expert nutritionist Pooja Malhotra.