South African drivers have gained notoriety for not showing
the courtesy and respect that emergency vehicles need, says MasterDrive. Not only is there little effort to clear a path for these
vehicles but some drivers tail emergency vehicles to skip the resulting
traffic. The consequences of this can be far-reaching. The managing director of MasterDrive, Eugene Herbert, says
attitudes towards emergency vehicles may result because of confusion about the
correct response. Herbert said: "The first rule is to not panic when you
hear sirens. Do not stop abruptly or move out of the way recklessly,
endangering yourself or other road users. "Additionally, wait until you see where the emergency
vehicle is coming from before making your decision about where to move.
MasterDrive trains emergency vehicle drivers about how to indicate where they
plan on moving. Rather carefully assess the situation before making an
impulsive move." There are a number of other tips to keep in mind. “If there
is space in the yellow lane, don’t move into this as it’s meant for emergency
vehicles. Even if others block this lane, rather move to the right." "Never skip a red light or stop sign to make way
either. Don’t immediately move back into your position in case another
emergency vehicle is following behind.” South African road regulation also states it is illegal to
not make way for emergency vehicles. “Finding yourself stuck in traffic as a
result of a crash can be frustrating but under no circumstances should you
refuse to move out of the way. Not only could you be threatening someone’s life
but you are increasing the time it takes to reach the crash scene. “Additionally, never follow behind an emergency vehicle that
passes you. It requires following the vehicle much too closely to be safe. If
they suddenly stop, as is likely, there will be no way to avoid a collision.” Another bane of South African drivers’ existence is the blue
light brigade. “Many motorists are less inclined to give right of way to what
they think are politicians rushing through traffic. Yet, the law states drivers
must give way to vehicles displaying blue or red lights. Therefore, you are
legally obligated to move out of the way. “Additionally, drivers of these vehicles can be unforgiving
to anyone who refuse to move. It’s simply not worth your safety to challenge
these drivers. Rather allow them to pass and continue on your trip safely and
without the aggravation of getting into a tussle with a blue light brigade
driver. Remember MasterDrive’s motto ‘Drive nice, it’s contagious.’” Educate yourself about how to react when you see red and
blue lights. Ensure you are neither the reason an ambulance does not arrive on
time or become the one in need of an emergency vehicle. SOURCE: WHEELS24