MOTHOBI Mvala and Luckyboy Mokoena rose higher and above the rest at Highlands Park when they were called twice to the podium to collect their awards at the Audi Centre in Rivonia, Joburg on Tuesday night. The 25-year-old Mvala had TV cameras focused on him, while photographers spent the better part of the night hitting their camera shutters on every move he makes. The deadly midfielder walked away with the 2018-19 Player of the Season and Top Goalscorer award, which is almost a carbon copy from the 2017-18 term where he won big too. Mokoena, regarded asthe future of South African football, took home the Player’s Player of the Season crown and the sponsors’ Johnson Workware Hardworking Player of the Season award, which came with good perks. Lindokuhle Mbatha did not go home empty handed too. He was honoured with the Chairman’s Award while Siphiwe Mahlangu, like last year, was given the Young Player of the Season award. Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba boss Sinky Mnisi said Mokoena is a workhorse who played in all their matches, 30 in the league and cup matches, like Mvala who has been committed to the task. “I am happy and satisfied with all the winners,” said Mnisi. “Obviously not all players can win, but in general, I think we had a good season and all our players are winners in their own right. “Mothobi has been consistent throughout the season. I wish he had also played in the Cosafa Cup where he was called, but he couldn’t join camp due to other commitments.” Both Mvala and Mokoena have committed to the club until 2023, and they do not show signs of slowing down, having had a super 2018-19 season. “Awards motivate players and drive them to work even harder as they can see they are appreciated,” Mnisi added. The club also unveiled their new signings as they prepare for their hectic 2019-20 Absa Premiership opener against Kaizer Chiefs at Tembisa’s Makhulong Stadium on 4 August. Explained Mnisi: “Thela Ngobeni comes and reinforces the department where we have been battling. We have been trying to strengthen our defence and add some firepower upfront.”