THE Commander-In-Thief is the real political delinquent. These were the words of the first deputy general secretary of the SACP, Solly Mapaila. “The EFF is a party led by one Mr Julius Malema who was found by the former Public Protector Advocate Thuli Madonsela, to have been involved in benefiting improperly from unlawful, fraudulent and corrupted tenders in Limpopo Province through his Ratanang Family Trust and associated shareholding in a company by the name of Guilder Investments. The corruption, looting and plunder contributed by no small measure to pushing the Limpopo Provincial government to a point of bankruptcy. What moral standing does the commander-in-thief commanding? He is nothing but the real constitutional delinquent. He goes around calling people political delinquents when he is the real delinquent who looted the Limpopo government to the ground,” Mapaila told a clapping and ululating crowd of SACP, Ahmed Kathrada Foundation and other civic organisations at the Joburg City hall yesterday. Mapaila was the keynote speaker at this event, which was themed #Handsoffouremocracy”, aimed at defending the minister of public enterprises, Pravin Gordhan. The group also said their aim was to defend democracy against the so-called “state capture fight back” brigade. He said: “This campaign is not a campaign for PG (Pravin Gordhan) but is about him. This campaign is about defending democracy. No amount of falsehoods will defocus us. This is only the beginning and there will be victims. We will face the predatory elites who are looting the tax payers money. This cannot go on. We say it stops here! A President who has taken an oath is being treated like a dog (because he is fighting corruption). Mapaila asked the packed hall why if a comrade is close to white people, is being castigated. He asked: “Are white people not humans? Those (like Ramaphosa and Gordhan) who are trying to correct the mess in our economy are being attacked. Why? If we allow this fascism to continue, we’ll -plunge our country back into crisis. When PG leads this campaign against corruption, he is being attacked. Radical Economic Transfornation must benefit all, not a few individuals.”Young Communist League national secretary, Tinyiko Ntini, dared the EFF to bring it on as they had threatened to march against the SACP. Ntini said: “Let them bring it on! At night they hold meetings with Stellenbosch Mafias, but during the day they fight comrade PG. We know why they are fighting him. As for the Public Protector, if she wants to be a politician, she is free and has the right to join a party of her choice.”Gordhan was the celebrity of the day as most jostled to take selfies with him.