STUART Baxter’s future with Bafana Bafana remains uncertain. The Bafana head coach says that he will take some time off to think about his future with the SA national team, while Safa say that they are still going to discuss whether the coach stays or goes. “We cannot say now whether the coach must continue or must go. As an employer, we have to look at many things,” said Safa Head of Delegation Kwenza Ngwenya upon the team’s arrival at OR Tambo Airport yesterday. “At Safa, our aims is to see our teams qualifying for big tournaments, which has happened. Secondly, in 2015, Bafana qualified for Afcon and were knocked out in the group stages. Today we just came after reaching the quarterfinals. We will go back as Safa and look at many things before we decide and we will also talk to the coach,” added Ngwenya. Baxter said: “For me, this has been a long campaign. I am going to go back to Sweden for a few days and look at myself and ask myself ‘do I really think, given the situation, that I can take this team forward’. If the answer is NO, then I will step aside. If I think it’s a yes, I will come back and speak to my employer and get on with the job.” The former Kaizer Chiefs and SuperSport United coach says that he is not desperate for a job after he turned down a few offers from various countries. “You’re asking questions like what was my mandate? The question is loaded to try and find an angle. I’ve got no problems leaving this job. Do not confuse me, thinking I am a desperate coach. I turned down a job this week, I turned another job down last week with Saudi Arabia.” “I turned down jobs in Asia and jobs in South Africa to stay with this team. I’ll stay and do the job for as long as I want to do it. I won’t say ‘please do not sack me’. I do this job because I thought that this national team needed direction and I think I’ve given the team direction,” Baxter added. “To rate my own performance I never do that because that’s being pompous. If I was to stay in the job because I am doing it properly. We drove away Carlos Quieroz and I don’t think we got better as a football nation. We drove away Pitso Mosimane and he’s done very nicely but the national still has the same problems. We have to get away from this sort of thinking. Let’s see how good a person is first and look if progress is being made. If there’s progress then things are being done correctively instead of looking things negatively.” About the entire tournament, Baxter felt that they could done better on the pitch. “After the first game, we always felt we can do better against Namibia. Players knew that we needed three points and Namibia had played a very tight game against Morocco. We needed to be on the front foot but we allowed them room to play and that worked against us. It was an even game but all of a sudden they hit the crossbar and they had momentum. Against Nigeria, we were not clinical and aggressive enough, but we still had better possession until the final whistle,” he added.