 The South African National Defence Force will join an
operation to clamp down on Cape Town's gang infested areas on Friday, Police
Minister Bheki Cele announced on Thursday evening. He made the announcement towards the end of his budget
speech, and elaborated further at a press briefing shortly thereafter. He said after last weekend, where 13 people were killed in
24 hours in Phillipi, he spoke with Minister of Defence Nosiviwe
Mapisa-Nqakula. They concluded: "This can't continue." They then approached President Cyril Ramaphosa for
"extra deployment" in the form of the SANDF. Ramaphosa assented. Minister of Police Bheki Cele on Monday visited Philippi
East on the Cape Flats after 13 people were killed over the weekend. He met
with the Zwilibi family whose three sons were shot and killed. Cele said they decided on this move, not because the DA has
been agitating for it, but because the communities called for it through the
Community Policing Forums. On 02:00 Friday morning National Police Commissioner Kehla
Sitole will give a "big contingent" of police and metro police
officers their marching order to "seal" areas where gang violence is
rife. Within twelve hours, they will be joined by the SANDF. Cele said they'll be going after some of their regular
"clients" – including people who are out on bail. "We want the real stuff, not the pushers of the
drugs," he said. They will also go after illegal firearms. "They're here for us to police, to make sure not so
many people die," Cele said of the SANDF's involvement. The deployment is for three months and can be renewed. "After that, there needs to be sustainability," he
said. Sitole described the operation as a "high density,
integrated, multidisciplinary, coordinated" operation. He said the SANDF will be "led and commanded" by
the police. He said they have the capacity to support the police. "This time we call it Blue and Brown," Sitole
said. He said the Defence Force also helped with policing during
the elections. "They did an excellent job." He said the operation will have a "stabilisation
approach" to "stamp the authority of the state" on the area. "There are certain areas that requires a quick
response." SOURCE: NEWS24