The pursuit for the next South African football heroes will move to the High-Performance Centre when the Nedbank Ke Yona Team Search (KYTS) Boot Camp starts today. The 48 players that were selected from a series of Try Outs will be put to the test by the Nedbank KYTS coaching trio of football legends Doctor Khumalo, Jerry Sikhosana and Khabo Zondo. Only 25 players will make the cut and return for Training Camp while the rest will go home.The final 18-man Ke Yona Team will be announced on 29 August, where they will play a Ke Yona Challenge fixture against Nedbank Cup champions, TS Galaxy, later in the year. Set to join Boot Camp are eleven players from the Eastern Cape and KwaZulu-Natal each, five from Limpopo, six from the Northern Cape, eight from the Western Cape and seven from Gauteng. “It has once again been an incredible journey in trying to find the next football talent to follow in the footsteps of Aubrey Modiba and Bongani Sam, who have gone on to earn colours at the highest level at Bafana Bafana," said Nedbank’s Head of Group Sponsorship and Cause Marketing ,Tobie Badenhorst. "We are glad to have provided such opportunities to the selectees and to continue to invest in our fellow South Africans. This is another way that Nedbank strives to turn dreams and ambitions to reality.” On the players coming in to Boot Camp, Zondo said:  “The most exciting aspect about these players being selected is them getting a first taste of a professional set up, training and nutrition. Keep in mind that some of this young talent are kids from the poorest of background. They are here through sheer determination armed by their playing boots and the will to be a professional football player.” Khumalo added: “My passion has always been working with youngsters that have the drive to reach the very top by taking the opportunities given them. There will be time to engage with the players where they will be taught much needed skills that I wish I had as a youngster by a group of field experts in media, lifestyle and finance in the coming weeks.  I wish all of them the best of luck and thank Nedbank for providing them with this opportunity.” “I was fortunate enough to see some talent over the over the past weeks and can safely say that, with this opportunity, South Africa will see some of the country’s best gems graduating as the Nedbank KYTS class of 2019,” concluded Sikhosana. The list of 48 Nedbank KYTS Boot Camp players: Bongile Tabata, Mihlali Tom, Siwaphiwe Maso, Someleze Xabiso Maliwa, Luke Groep East London Eastern Cape, Enoch Puzi, Kylo Botha, Siphamandla Klassen, Chuma Daweti, Sive Gqezengele, Khanyiso Ginxa (all Eastern Cape); Christopher Maoto, Sello Mochoeneng, Blessing Chauke, Cacius Kgeila Mabotja, Judas Mocheku (Limpopo); Ndumiso Mlambo, Thembelani Ndlovu, Thulani Cele, Blessing Mazubane, Nhlanhla Ntuli, Andre’ Sharpley, Celumusa Mlondo, Sinqobile Shozi, Phiwokuhle Ngcobo, Mpilonhle Khanyezi, Simphiwe Ngidi (KZN); Branco Cloete Kimberley, Lebogang Senwedi, Fikile Mangaliso, Phemelo Ncanywa, Hendry Lekhoathi, Michael Mlanga (Northern Cape); Pule Nyakoane, Lwanda Nombela, Kwanele Mfeketho, Sethu Sobantu, Thabo Tununu, Aphiwe Maliwa, Aidan Williams, Jason Ronnie (Western Cape); Sello Ngoetjana, Okwudeli Atu, Michael Radebe, Nhlanhla Malinga, Tshimologo Huma, Romeo Sekgala and Thabiso Lebitso Sebokeng (Gauteng). 