SIPHIWE Tshabalala will on Monday return to his Turkish
First Lig club, BB Erzurumspor, to honour the remainder of his contract, which
expires next year. There has been fear that Tshabalala, better known as Shabba
in football circles, will not return to Turkey following Erzurumspor’s
relegation from the Super Lig in May this year. His sterling performance in the past season has won him a
lot of respect in Turkey, with most European teams showing interest in him. The dismissal of coach Hamzar Hamzaoglu has brought some
instability and insecurities whether the newly appoint coach, Muzaffer Bilazer,
a former Turkish midfielder himself, would still have interest in keeping Shabba
to the side. But what Shabba has always insisted on was playing football
and not minding about other things. On Friday Shabba confirmed to SunSport that he will be
taking a 10-hour flight to Turkey on Monday to honour his contract, after the
club expressed their delight on keeping him. “All I want is to play football,” Shabba said while putting
final touches to his tournament in South Africa, called the Siphiwe Tshabalala
Soccer Challenge played at the Kgotso Grounds in Phiri, Soweto. The annual tournament, hosted by the Siphiwe Tshabalala
Foundation, is in the final stages, set to be played in Phiri on Sunday. “The change in coaches was not a concern or worry for me, but
just a challenge that I had to overcome,” said the 34-year-old left-footed
midfielder. “The Turkey move was a dream come true for me, and I am
always appreciative of the opportunity for me. I want to enjoy my game and see
how I can contribute to the team’s effort to fight back and regain their Super
Lig status.” Erzurumspor has given an indication that they are working
hard in rebuilding the team by releasing a number of players deemed surplus to
their requirements, which spread false rumours that Shabba could also be on his
way out. “My manager (Jazzman Mahlakgane) has told him that the club
want to keep me and build their game around me. This shows that they
appreciated my services in the past season, even though all didn’t go as
planned.” Kaizer Chiefs and SuperSport United are some of the clubs
that were rumoured to be asking questions about his availability, including big
name teams in Europe who wanted to lure him into their ensemble.