President Cyril Ramaphosa has dared his opponents within the
ANC to try removing him at the National General Council (NGC) next year,
according to a report on Sunday. As the National Executive Committee meeting kicked off this
weekend, Ramaphosa is said to have told those gathered that he had a
"date" with those who had plans to remove him using the NGC next June
and was not shaken by threats, insiders told the Sunday Times. News24 previously reported that fireworks were expected at
the NEC, with factional battles expected to reach boiling point. The NEC meeting comes less than a week after Ramaphosa
announced his intention to take a Public Protector report on review. The report included findings about a R500 000 donation to
Ramaphosa's ANC presidential campaign, received from Gavin Watson, the head of
services company African Global Operations (formerly Bosasa). Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane found he had violated
the executive code of ethics but Ramaphosa, addressing the nation, said her
report contained "numerous factual inaccuracies of a material
nature". He also claimed Mkhwebane had violated the Public Protector
Act, the Constitution and "the principles of our common law" by not
giving him an opportunity to comment on the proposed remedial actions. Mkhwebane's report also looked at Ramaphosa presidential
campaign account, the donations received and how the money moved around. The NEC was also expected to focus on known Ramaphosa
loyalist Derek Hanekom, who was accused by former president Jacob Zuma on
Twitter as being a "known agent". Zuma had been reacting to the news that EFF leader Julius
Malema alleged that Hanekom, a known President Cyril Ramaphosa loyalist , had
conspired with some to oust Zuma in a motion of no confidence in the National
Assembly two years ago. The motion was seen as an important moment in Zuma's
downfall. Some ANC MPs voted with the opposition, but the attempt did not
succeed. Former president Jacob Zuma's outspoken son, Edward, called
on the NEC to take action against Hanekom and all others involved in "such
treasonous acts". On Wednesday, Hanekom admitted meeting EFF secretary general
Gordrich Gardee. However, when he responded to a query from News24, he
initially denied that there was anything sinister about it. https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/ramaphosa-dares-his-opponents-to-remove-him-report-20190728