THE gloves are off! Ernt Middendorp and Owen da Gama will go at each other when the Absa Premiership season kicks off this weekend. Over the years, Kaizer Chiefs and Highlands Park haven’t served up the PSL’s finest battles. However, that could change… if the coaches’ pre-match sniping is anything to go by. The two coaches lit up the pre-season press conference when they traded verbal jabs ahead of the clash. But the big one could be on the cards when Middendorp’s Chiefs visit Highlands Park at Makhulong Stadium on Sunday (3pm). Da Gama, the Highlands coach, got hot under the collar when Middendorp suggested they will bring an aggressive game to Tembisa. “We have to be a bit aggressive,” said Middendorp. “It has already been mentioned that some players have the sharpness, the competitive and aggression mentality. “This is not 20 years ago when you could do your shoe-shine. We have experience. If teams come at you, one-on-one, the entire time and you are not prepared to be a man? “If you play somewhere in Venda or KwaZulu-Natal and you are the hottest chicken in the team and then you get a contract at a big club and you are in paradise, everybody loves you and you forget about the hard work.” Yet, Da Gama’s occasionally cheery tone could not hide an unusual tetchiness when he interjected his Chiefs counterpart. “We are going to be competitive and not aggressive,” said Da Gama, to which Middendorp retorted. “We have a certain style. It is not only aggression, but it belongs to a soccer game. As the other coach said, it is a man’s sport.” But Da Gama moved away from the potential scrap and later explained Highlands have learned from their lesson in their maiden PSL season. “I’m happy that we are playing Chiefs. You can see they are wounded after their last game. There is a lot of pride at stake. “Their coach seemed a bit angry and I don’t know why. But it’ll help us to improve technically playing against Chiefs. “There are teams which have been in the PSL for ten years and have never smelt the league title. Who are we?” Amakhosi collected four points from Highlands last season, but they may not find the Lions of the North in a charitable mood this season.