WILL the Netherlands upset the applecart, or will the status quo remain at the Fifa Women’s World Cup finals? Well, the answer to that question will be revealed when first time World Cup finalists the Netherlands take on the most successful women’s football team on the global stage in the grand finale on Sunday at 5pm. The Dutch will go into their maiden cup final against the defending champions the USA as the underdogs at Stade de Lyon in France. The Dutch team needed an extra-time winner from Jackie Groenen against Sweden to book their spot in the final, while the holders were made to sweat for their 2-1 victory against England in their semi-final encounter. The USA have won the global showpiece a record three times in seven finals and they will be looking to add their fourth title to extend their record. Germany won the World cup twice while Norway and Japan have won it once. The Netherlands will be looking to join the list of the World Cup winners and prevent the USA from making it back-to-back wins. The Netherlands go into this big clash as the European champions, but they will be required to punch above their weight against the mighty USA, who are the overwhelming favourites to retain their crown. The Americans have beaten the Dutch in all their previous twelve meetings scoring 22 goals and conceding just two goals. The odds are heavily stacked against them going into the biggest game of their lives, but they will draw some much-needed courage from the 2011 champions Japan. The Japanese team pulled the rabbit out of the hat when they upset the USA in a dramatic penalty shoot-out after their game ended in a 2-2 draw after extra-time in Germany. But the player whose goal has brought Dutch delight, Groenen, hopes that her side’s fairy-tale will finish with a flourish. Groenen said: “It’s a really strong team, this is clear. It’s the States.” She went on: “But it’s just one game and anything is possible.” USA stars Alex Morgan and her skipper Megan Rapinoe are expected to make the American Dream come true and return home with the big crown.