Another woman has come forward with her experience of giving
birth shortly after nurses allegedly turned her away at Stanza Bopape Community
Health Centre in Tshwane. The 23-year-old, who asked not to be identified because she
fears health officials will target her and her baby boy, said her first
experience of going into labour was made worse by the way she was treated last
month. She claimed that even though she was in pain and bleeding,
nurses at the health centre told her to go home and gave a variety of excuses. "They assessed me and told me my womb was cleaning
itself. I saw blood but they said there is no baby coming out here so I must go
back home," she said. "They also told me the baby is too big and they don't
have a doctor. They told me lots of stories." Despite these claims, she decided to head to another
facility and was holding her healthy baby just an hour or so later, she said. South Africans reacted with outrage after it emerged that a
woman went into labour outside the health centre, after she was apparently
turned away last weekend. Tshwane Health District chief director Mothomone Pitsi found
out the woman was allegedly not examined and told to go to Mamelodi Hospital.
But she realised she would not make it and ended up giving birth at the gate. According to African News Agency, the clinic's nurses told
the patient that because she was in her 50s, they couldn't help her and she had
to go to the hospital. The Gauteng health department is currently investigating
that case. News24 sent an enquiry to the health department, sharing the
young mother's plight and her details. Pitsi said in response that the matter had not been brought
the attention of the Tshwane health district until now. "Now that we have received the details of the patient
and possible dates when the incident is alleged to have occurred, the
complainant will be contacted and the matter investigated further as a separate
matter," he said. "No woman may be turned away when seeking help at any
health facility. She needs to be attended to, evaluated and examined.
Thereafter the clinician attending to the patient should develop a treatment
plan, which should be discussed with the patient and agreed [on]." The first-time mother who spoke to News24, said it felt as
though the nurses didn't want to help her. "I was in a lot of pain. I decided to go to day
hospital (Mamelodi Day Hospital)." Thankfully, her aunt had not been working that day and was
able to drive her to the health centre in the early hours of the morning and
then to the hospital. "She went inside [Stanza Bopape centre] and they
checked her. The sister told her the womb was cleaning itself. I asked her how
it is possible?" the aunt said. "They told her she must go back home and I said no, we
can't, and I took her to the day hospital. She was bleeding furiously." The young mother said that when she told the nurses at the
day hospital where she had come from, they started complaining. "They said: 'We are very tired of Stanza Bopape. They
send everybody here.'" The aunt said she was furious about how her niece was
treated. "It is wrong. It means that they don't know what they
are doing." Pitsi said they strongly condemned any conduct that was not
in line with normal practice and endangered the lives of patients and the
public.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/they-told-me-my-womb-was-cleaning-itself-another-mom-claims-tshwane-clinic-turned-her-away-20190707 