SAPS is dealing with another loss of one of their own, this time
at another officer’s funeral! The Dobsonville based female Constable (40) was shot and killed
after shortly after laying one of her colleagues, who died of natural causes,
to rest on Saturday. The constable was with fellow colleagues, family and friends
having refreshments after the funeral at the home of the deceased when she was
shot after a member of the public opened fire. According to cop spokesman, Captain Mavela Masondo, it is alleged
a member of the public who was also attending the same funeral, fired shots in
the air and the constable was then struck by a bullet in her upper body. “She was rushed to hospital and sadly, was declared dead on
arrival. The shooter was arrested immediately and his firearm confiscated,” he
said. The  motive of the shooting
is unclear at this stage. The members and the family
will be attended to and offered the required support. A 55-year-old suspect will appear at the Roodepoort Magistrate
court soon. Meanwhile also on Saturday, another cop, a reservist constable who
was part of a team on operation at Mamelodi West Hostel Y-Section was rushed to
hospital after sustaining injuries during an attack on police by a group of
people.“It is alleged that during the operation at the hostel, police
apprehended a suspect in possession of drugs. “The suspect was being
escorted to the police vehicle when suddenly, a group of people attacked the
members, in the process freeing the cuffed drug-suspect and stealing the
member's personal belongings and loaded service pistol.” Masondo also said in a statement, that a white Toyota Yaris with
unknown registration was seen picking up some of the group members.“Police
immediately embarked on a tracing operation to retrieve the state hand-radio and
firearm and to apprehend the suspects. The firearm was recovered a few hours
later abandoned in the hostel,” he said. No suspects were arrested while the drug-suspect is still at
large.Police are appealing to law-abiding citizens to come forward with information
that could lead to the arrest of both the drug-suspect as well as the alleged
police attackers. 