 JACOB ZUMA told the Zondo Commission of Inquiry that he has been patient and respectful towards his comrades. “But I have been provoked to the last degree,” he threatened. AND AGAIN HE ASKED THE QUESTION: “WHAT DID I DO?”  The former president promised on his first day at the Zondo Commission in Parktown, Joburg that he would make startling revelations and promised to drop bombshells. He said he has been living in fear as there are people who want him dead in a plot that he claims was hatched over 20 years ago when he was the ANC chief of intelligence. “It is important before I die to tell the story,” he said. He said he lived with people who didn’t know that he knew they were part of a plot to kill him. He said the narrative that he was corrupt started a long time ago but he was hated mostly because he has information on many people who wanted him dead. Zuma revealed that former minister Ngoako Ramatlhodi was an apartheid spy who was recruited while a student in Lesotho. He rubbished Ramatlhodi’s testimony that he had auctioned the country to the Guptas. “When you look at what Ramatlhodi said you will realise that he was pleasing his handlers.” Zuma denied allegations that the Guptas appointed ministers to cabinet. “Was I not capable of appointing ministers?” he asked, adding that he appointed them in consultation with other ANC leaders. He said the relationship between former presidents Nelson Mandela and Thabo Mbeki and the Guptas was never questioned. “But I have been called the king of corrupt people. I have been given all sorts of names.” He repeated the claim that he had a list of people about whom he had information but said for now he would only give information about Ramatlhodi.  He also criticised former public protector Thuli Mandonsela, claiming she joined the campaign to remove him with her investigation into Nkandla. “The title of the report, Secure in Comfort, was done to fit the narrative that Zuma was corrupt,” he said. He said even the term, State Capture Commission, was an exaggeration and was designed to discredit him. “I have never done anything unlawful with the Guptas.” He admitted that he approached the Gupta brothers with an idea of starting a newspaper because the media was biased and that was how The New Age was born. He said when newspaper was a success, he suggested starting a TV station. “I must make it clear that I am the one who put the Guptas in trouble, not the other way round.” Zuma told the inquiry that his family has suffered because of his persecution. His testimony continues today. 