THE 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) kicks off in Egypt with the knockout stages on Friday. The team have been placed accordingly for the draw of the 2021 qualifiers, a tournament set for Cameroon. Cameroon was stripped off the Afcon 2019 hosting rights following their failure to provide safety guarantees to the inspection team. South Africa and Morocco were among the other countries that bid for the 2019 edition, to replace Cameroon, but Egypt won the rights. South Africa's Bafana Bafana are once again not among the top seeded nations, as they are in pot 2. It means in the qualifiers they are likely to face one of the strong nations such as Senegal, Nigeria, Egypt or Ivory Coast who are in Pot 1. They can also be pitted against Algeria, or one in the pot 3 which has Madagascar, Sierra Leone or Togo, or one in the Pot 4 and Pot 5. They'll not face nations such as - Guinea, Cape Verde, Uganda, Zambia,  Benin, Gabon, Congo Brazzaville, Mauritania, Niger, Kenya, Libya - who are in the same Pot. Pots were determined based on according to the latest Fifa world rankings. The draw for the qualifiers will be conducted in Cairo on 18 July, a day prior to the Egypt final, set for Cairo International Stadium. The qualifiers of the 12 groups, with a total of six matches each, will start in October this year and will end next year November. THE POTS FOR THE DRAW: Pot 1: Senegal, Tunisia, Nigeria, Morocco, Democratic Republic of Congo, Ghana, Cameroon (hosts), Egypt, Burkina Faso, Mali, Ivory Coast and Algeria. Pot 2: Guinea, South Africa, Cape Verde, Uganda, Zambia, Benin, Gabon, Congo Brazzaville, Mauritania, Niger, Kenya, Libya. Pot 3: Madagascar, Zimbabwe, Central African Republic, Namibia, Sierra, Mozambique, Guinea-Bissau, Angola, Malawi, Togo, Sudan, Tanzania. Pot 4: Burundi, Rwanda, Equatorial Guinea, eSwatini (formerly know as Swaziland), Lesotho, Botswana, Comoros, Ethiopia and four preliminary-round winners. Pot 5: Liberia, Mauritius, Gambia, South Sudan, Chad, Sao Tome e Principle, Seychelles, Djibouti. Did not enter: Eritrea, Somalia. Qualifying Process: :Stage 1: The eight Pot 5 teams will be drawn into four pairing and the winners of the two-leg ties advance to stage 2 as part of pot 4. :Stage 2: There will be 12 groups comprises of one team from pots 1-4 and the section winners and runners-up qualify for the finals. Hosts Cameroon are guaranteed a place so only one other team qualify from their group. 