BEFORE the Spar Proteas flew out to take part at the ongoing Netball World Cup finals in Liverpool, England, there was a feeling that they will become a surprise package. So far, the team have surpassed all expectations. The Proteas, who are captained by Bongiwe Msomi, are regarded as the golden generation of Mzansi netball. Most of the players ply their trade overseas in top leagues, and are coached by Norma Plummer – one of best coaches in the world. Plummer has won the World Cup as a player and coach with Australia. The Proteas upset the apple cart when they reached the World Cup semi-finals for the first time since 1995. In that year, the Proteas finished as runner-up in England. Plummer’s team have not won anything yet, but they have won the hearts of the neutrals with their beautiful brand of netball at the tournament. Last night they played against host nation England in a game that was used to determine the final log standings. Both England and Proteas have progressed to the last four, and the winner of Group G will face New Zealand and avoid defending champions Australia in the last four matches, scheduled for tomorrow night. The Proteas upset the usual semi-final pecking order of Jamaica, England, Australia and New Zealand. These countries have dominated the World Cup in the past five tournaments, from 1999 until 2015. South African netball seem to be on the right track. Mzansi will host the World Cup in Cape Town in 2023. They will take over the baton from England in the next World Cup edition. Their performance in the United Kingdom will lay down a good foundation for the World Cup on home soil. During the glittering farewell party in Tshwane before their departure, skipper Msomi said the team had every reason to be excited about their chances at this year’s tournament. So far so good for the Proteas as their fairytale continues. Msomi said: “I have a feeling that we will have the best tournament in Liverpool. This is the time to be excited about SA netball. We will make history in the UK.” Before their game against England, the Proteas had beaten Jamaica, Trinidad and Tobago, Fiji, Scotland and Uganda. Former Proteas stars Dumisani Chauke and Simnikiwe Mdaka praised the team and are confident that they will return home with a medal. Chauke said: “This team will make the country proud.”