The ruling means the 28-year-old can no longer compete in
events between the 400m and mile, as she did in June and July. The World
Championships are scheduled between September 28-october 6 in the Qatari
capital. "I am very disappointed to be kept from defending my
hard-earned title, but this will not deter me from continuing my fight for the
human rights of all of the female athletes concerned," said the South
African who is also a two-time Olympic gold medallist. Semenya's representatives said in a statement that, on
Monday, "a single judge of the Swiss Federal Supreme Court reversed prior
rulings that had temporarily suspended the IAAF regulations pending the outcome
of Caster's appeal against the CAS award". "In this latest decision, the Supreme Court emphasised
the strict requirements and high thresholds for the interim suspension of CAS
awards and found that these were not fulfilled." Dorothee Schramm, the lawyer leading Semenya's appeal, added
that the judge had made a "procedural decision" that has no impact on
the appeal itself. "We will continue to pursue Caster's appeal and fight
for her fundamental human rights. A race is always decided at the finish
line." Semenya is locked in a bitter dispute with the International
Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), which should be settled by a final
ruling from Switzerland's supreme court on Semenya's appeal against the
regulations. Semenya is classified as a woman, was raised as a woman and
races as a woman. But for the IAAF, women like Semenya, with certain masculine
attributes due to differences of sexual development (DSD), are classified,
biologically, as men. It is a position hotly contested by South African
officials. The IAAF, seeking "to ensure fair competition for all
women", argues that DSD athletes, like Semenya, born with the "46
XY" chromosome rather than the XX chromosome most females have, would have
an advantage in all events based on their levels of testosterone that are in
the male range. "Caster Semenya remains steadfast in her defiance of
the highly controversial IAAF regulations that require female athletes with
naturally elevated testosterone levels to undergo hormonal drug intervention in
order to compete in international competitions," the athlete's
representatives said.  https://m.sport24.co.za/OtherSport/Athletics/caster-to-miss-world-champs-after-swiss-court-ruling-20190730 