TRUE to her modest personality, Bongiwe Msomi has downplayed her 100th Proteas Test cap milestone. But in the big occasion as the Netball World Cup, it is not easy for such a huge landmark to go unnoticed. “I forgot it was going to be my 100th cap (against Fiji) until we got to a meeting,” said Msomi. “There was a little bit of a celebration before we came here. As honoured as I am, I’m really glad to see the performances that the girls are putting in on the court. It means so much.” Msomi follows England’s Jo Harten and Northern Ireland’s Caroline O’Hanlon in bringing up the milestone at the World Cup. The milestone is quite a remarkable achievement considering the Durbanite only started playing netball aged 16. And there could not have been a more fitting way for the 31-year-old to celebrate her achievement than the record 90-35 win South Africa registered against Fiji, the tournament’s highest goal tally in an individual game on Saturday. The 90-goal mark is also South Africa’s second highest World Cup score ever, behind 110 goals recorded against Cayman Islands in Birmingham at the 1995 World Cup. The Proteas got their campaign off to a blistering start, pummeling Trinidad and Tobago 76-45 on Friday, before they trounced Fiji. They faced world number two Jamaica in the last of their group stages matches late yesterday in court two at M & S Bank Arena in Liverpool. Msomi, the fifth of eight children, not only earned her 100th cap, but also played her heart out as an inspiration and a driving force with her accuratr and quick passes giving her team-mates good chances to score. The attacking duo of Renske Stoltz and Lenize Potgieter also stood out with their amazing conversation rates, at 94% and 88% respectively. “For me, it’s always been about the team and playing some great netball for my country,” said Msomi, who plays for English side Wasps. “Sometimes, you try to do that and it doesn’t happen, and when it does happen, then you take the pride from that. I’m excited. Not everyone gets that (to 100) and if you do, it means you’ve worked so hard to get there, so I’m really proud of how far I’ve come.” “I’m also happy for the captain Bongi for her 100th Test for the Proteas,” said Proteas coach Norma Plummer.