IF YOU want me, come and get me, but I’m not cheap! This was a bold statement from Morocco head coach, Herve Renard. Renard was two years ago punted among the front-runners to replace Ephraim “Shakes” Mashaba as the Bafana Bafana coach but the SA Football Association (Safa) settled for Stuart Baxter. Speaking during the Afcon pre-match conference ahead of Morocco’s clash with Bafana in their final Group D match tonight (6pm), Renard dropped a hint of what it would require to hire him – that is, if Safa could renew their interest in the Frenchman in future. “That was in the past. Of course I’m not cheap!” said Renard, a two-time Afcon champion coached Ivory Coast and Zambia. “I know your country – if you want to do something, you can do something. True or not true? So if you want me one day… you know it from before (referring to Safa’s initial interest). “But I think it is not fair to talk about that when someone from the federation has not talked about it. Normally negotiations are private.” Fact that Renard used “sawubona” prior to responding to a Daily Sun Sport question at yesterday’s pre-match conference confirmed his knowledge about South Africa. On tonight’s game, Renard said: “I have a big advantage because I know the South Africa team perfectly. It won’t be my first game against them. My best memory was in the Mandela Challenge in Joburg with Zambia. We won 1-0, as well as some Cosafa Cup games. “But we have to concentrate on our own target. It was important for them (Bafana) to win against Namibia.” Renard added that Morocco’s target was to finish at the top of Group D and they have achieved that with a game to spare. “We knew after the draw that this group would be tough. We want to finish first in the group.” He hinted that he would ring in a few changes to the side to play Bafana. Even if they lose and Ivory Coast win against Nambia tonight, the Atlas Lions will still remain top of the group by virtue of a better head-to-head since they beat the Ivorians in the first game. Morocco are the tournament’s favourites. When SunSport asked Renard if his trademark crisp white shirts on match days still has some magic to go carry the Lions all the way, the likeable coach said the image was just the reflection of his personality and he won’t change it.