Media personalities NaakMusiQ and Mo Flava have thrown their weight behind Bafana Bafana ahead of their crunch Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) quarter-final against Nigeria tonight. The match will be played at the Cairo International Stadium at 9pm. Speaking during a visit to the Daily Sun offices, NaakMusiQ and Mo Flava said they are confident that Bafana will pull off another stunning performance to progress to the semi-finals at the expense of the West African giants. “I’m confident in the team,” said Anga Makubalo, better known as NaakMusiQ. 'WE WILL BEAT BAFANA' - NIGERIAN FANS 'WE WILL BEAT BAFANA' - NIGERIAN FANS “With clubs you can pick and choose but with the national team, you have to support them. We will be behind the team all the way.” Mo Flava, whose real name is Moeti Tsiki said Bafana have already exceeded his expectations. “For us to even reach the quarter-finals, something we hadn’t done in a long time, is major achievement,” said Mo Flava. “Nigeria respect us and they know that we can beat them. It’s going to be a tough clash.” The two entertainers are ambassadors for the returning Carling Black Label Cup. The pre-season extravaganza will take place at the FNB Stadium on 27 July. 'It's going to be hard but we have a chance.' Alex Iwobi on Nigeria's AFCON chances Nigeria striker Alex Iwobi spoke exclusively to SNTV in Alexandria, Egypt on Friday as the 'Super Eagles' enjoyed some time away from their Africa Cup of Nations training base.  Iwobi has started his side's two games in the competition to date - 1... Nigeria clash will be 'tough' - Baxter South Africa prepared in Johannesburg on Friday (16th November) for their AFCON 2019 qualifier against Group E leaders Nigeria. Japan eliminate hosts AFC U16 hosts Malaysia to qualify for quarter-finals Japan eliminated AFC Under-16 Championship hosts Malaysia 2-0 Thursday (27th September) to win Group A and advance to the quarterfinals 'Mo Salah is a top player' states Madagascar head coach as theu look ahead to AFCON round of 16 Madagascar returned to training on Tuesday after producing the upset of the Africa Cup of Nations so far, with their 2-0 win over three-time champions Nigeria on Sunday.  That result saw them finish top of Group B.  And on Wednesday the team exclu... Nigeria AFCON team profile Team profile of Nigeria, who will compete in this years Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON). Seedorf promises Cameroon will respect Nigeria ahead of their AFCON match Three times Africa Cup of Nations winners Nigeria face Cameroon for a place in the AFCON quarter-finals on the 6th July 2019 in Alexandria, Egypt.  Both sides finish second in their respective groups, with Nigeria having 6 points and Cameroon havi... Reaction after Madagascar beat Nigeria to top Group B in AFCON Madagascar produced the upset of the Africa Cup of Nations so far following their 2-0 win over three-time champions Nigeria on Sunday. That result saw them finish top of Group B courtesy of a goal in each half from Lalaina Nomenjanahary and Carolu... 'Pressure is more on Senegal's shoulders' says Benin coach ahead of AFCON quarter-final Africa Cup of Nations favourites Senegal face Benin in the quarter-finals of the tournament as they bid to reach the final four for the first time since 2002. Senegal finished runners-up that year after losing out to Cameroon on penalties followin... Quieroz on privilege to play Japan with Iran ahead of Asian Cup semi-final match Iran prepared on Sunday for Monday's Asian Cup semi-final against Japan with coach Carlos Queiroz calling on his players to stick to 'Iran football'. Iran advanced to the last four after beating China 3-0 at the Mohammad Bin Zayed Stadium in Abu D... ‘Madagascar ready to face DR Congo’ midfielder Anicet Abel Madagascar and DR Congo talked ahead of their Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) round of 16 game in Alexandria , Egypt on Sunday. "Madagascar surprised everyone, but they are not going to surprise us," said Florent Ibenge, DR Congo head coach. AFCON d... John Stones says team would like to bring football home England defender John Stones says the team "would like to bring it home" as they prepare for the World Cup quarter-final match against Sweden. The match takes places in Samara, Russia on July 7. Eng Sub “Ivory Coast will improve” – hero Zaha sends his country to AFCON quarters Reaction after Ivory Coast beat Mali 1-0 - thanks to a goal from Wilfried Zaha - in the Africa Cup of Nations on Monday to set up a quarter-final meeting with Algeria. 'I will be in Africa - Seeford on future after AFCON exit Reaction after Nigeria reached the Quarter-final of the AFCON 2019 beating holders Cameroon 3-2 in Alexandria, Egypt on Saturday. Berahino - Burundi caused top Nigeria side problems on AFCON debut Reaction from Burundi captain Saido Berahino after a 77th minute goal from substitute Odion Ighalo gave Nigeria a 1-0 win over the debutants at the Africa Cup of Nations in Alexandria on Saturday.