SOWETO giants Orlando Pirates have launched their new home and away jersey for the 2019/20 season today aiming to inspire players to lift the league title and continental glory. Bucs hopes to emulate the class of 1995 that lifted the Caf Champions League followed by the Super Cup the following year wearing the white home jersey with black stripes. Pirates, who failed to go beyond the group stages of Champions League last season, will start their mission in the continent with a date against Zambian side Green Buffaloes in the preliminary round. Bucs will start their league campaign on 3 August against Bloemfontein Celtic at Orlando Stadium. Milutin Sredojevic’s side missed the Absa Premiership title by inches last season as they finished behind back to back champions Mamelodi Sundowns. Pirates’ new home shirt sees the return of the white colourway with black striping, which not only pays homage to the Club’s heritage and traditional colours, but also marks the first time that Adidas has created a white jersey that incorporates black stripes. Adidas has retained the red colour from last season for the away shirt, with inset black motifs, a black v-neck collar and the trademark three stripes down the sides of the jersey. The new kit will be seen on-field for the first time at FNB Stadium on Saturday (3pm) when Pirates face fierce rivals Kaizer Chiefs in the Carling Black Label Cup. Pirates brand manager Tokoloho Moeketsi said: “We remember iconic players who sported this look and made their indelible mark on this great club, setting the tone for what we went on to achieve since 1995. It’s with that very inspiration that we look to the class of 2019/2020, and hope that when they don this fresh look, they can draw from those icons and leave their own mark which will remain long after they are gone.” The new kit will be available on Thursday at the Pirates shop at Orlando Stadium and on 1 August in adidas concept stores and selected sports retailers across the country at a retail price of R799. 