HOWLERS committed by Baroka FC goalkeeper, Elvis Chipezeze last season and at the underway Afcon have left Bakgaga coach Wedson Nyirenda with no choice but to reinforce his goalkeeping department. As much as the Zambian born mentor has vowed to support Chipezeze whose mistakes cost his country Zimbabwe at the Afcon in Egypt, Nyirenda is looking at adding another goalkeeper to strengthen the department and make it more competitive. “A team is made up of strong competition, it is what makes the team healthy,” Nyirenda said. On Wednesday Baroka concluded a deal with Richard’s Bay midfielder Khulekani Madondo who signed a two-year deal. Former Bakgaga goalie, Oscarine Masuluke has been linked with a return to the club and Bakgaga are also in talks with Jackson Mabokgwane who was released by Orlando Pirates last month. Nyirenda uttered: “We are looking at strengthening the goalkeeping department. Last season we saw Ayanda (Dlamini) starting the campaign, Chipezeze took over mid-season. We unveiled six players and I think there’s more to be officially unveiled. We are looking at two or three players. Nyirenda confirmed that they are loaning out Ranga Chivaviro, Rodwell Chinyengetere, and Onkabetse Makgantai. The new signings which include three foreign players Gerald Phiri Jnr, Richard Mbulu and Manuel Kambala are expected to play a key role at the club according to the coach. Also on board at Baroka is Liberian winger Terrence Leonard Tisdell who was snatched from Portuguese side Sanjoanense. Nyirenda promised drastic changes in terms of performance in 2019-20 unlike last season where they finished among the relegation candidates and survived on the final day of the season. He feels that being able to sign his own players will make a huge impact, we will see the potential of Baroka under his supervision. He added: “If my philosophy has to be brought in, then I must have a clearer picture of the players I want. This is why this season we will be better, I recommended some of the players that are here.” Baroka will spend the next 10 days in Durban for their pre-season camp, they will then go to Swaziland for the final stages. They will open their new season at home with an Absa Premiership clash against Cape Town City at Peter Mokaba Stadium on 3 August.