They thought their life would be better when they moved from a shack into a house. But the dream come true has turned into a nightmare. Hidden in the walls of their new home lay a terrible secret!The family lives in fear of sunset, because that's when a ghost comes to torment them. Family members told Daily Sun they have been haunted by a hungry, noisy ghost for the past year. The family rented a back room before they bought the house a year ago. “It comes for dinner,” said a 38-year-old woman in the family. “It eats our food and gets angry when there is not enough.” The 45-year-old mother of the children said the spook is very aggressive. “It slams doors and knocks things over. It makes a noise on the roof. When we sleep it moves the pots and kitchen cupboards. It finishes our groceries and money and then disappears.” One of the kids in the house said he had seen the ghost. “I was coming from the toilet to join the family in the dining room when I saw the ghost of a woman in the way. I screamed and ran away,” said the child. The mother said after the incident she saw the ghost in her dreams. “It comes in the form of people that we know or scary creatures,” she said. The family of five moved into the house in Protea Glen, Soweto last year. The mum said they are really struggling. “My son is doing badly at school and my daughter feels as if she is being choked at night. My throat is also sore. It feels as if I am being choked. It’s really bad when there isn’t any food in the house.” She said she has had problem getting a job but her 25-year-old daughter, an accountant, bought the house. “We have never prayed this hard before,” she said. The mother’s sister said the hungry ghost can’t bully the family into leaving the house. “We have been to many sangomas and prophets but this thing won’t leave us alone. We need help,” she said. The family recently consulted sangoma Mkhulu Khubeka. He said the house is haunted by an evil spirit which wants to ruin their lives. “It keeps taking and taking because it wants them to suffer,” he told Daily Sun. Sangoma Joseph Dungamanzi recommended a strong inyanga. He said: “The family is haunted by the restless spirit of the ghost. “It takes food and takes things they really need, like money and food.”