ZIMBABWE goalkeeper Elvis Chipezeze has apologised to his nation after his nightmarish performance dominated a horror night for them as they crashed out of the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Egypt. The Warriors were thumped 4-0 by the Democratic Republic of Congo at the June 30 Stadium, with Chipezeze responsible for three of the goals. The 29-year-old shot-stopper, who was standing in for injured George Chigova, has since apologised for the horror performance which saw him get a lot of criticism on social media. Some Zimbabwean fans went as far as demanding the Baroka FC goalie to hang up his gloves, something he said he was not ready to do, just yet. “I am here today to again apologise for the mistakes I have made, and the embarrassment I have caused,” said Chipezeze on Twitter. “I make this apology to my nation and my teammates, also not forgetting the technical staff.” Chipezeze’s club boss, Baroka chairman Khurishi Mphahlele, has backed his goalkeeper, saying he has the mental strength to come back stronger from the horrible experience. Mphahlele signed Chipezeze from Chicken Inn in 2018 after he was named the Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League Goalkeeper of the Year. He then went on to help Bakgaga lift their maiden trophy in the Premier Soccer League (PSL) when they won the Telkom Knockout last season, beating Orlando Pirates in the final. “Everyone makes mistakes,” said Mphahlele. “It was just not his day. I don’t think it is fair to crucify him for making a few mistakes. He will learn from them and will be a better player. “The boy is still young. He has a bright future ahead of him. I’m sure that he will redeem himself and continue to represent his country. We will welcome him back here at Baroka with warm arms. He is our number one and we know his quality. “He has the mental strength to come back and perform as well as he has always done for us next season.” Chipezeze’s former national teammate Mathew Rusike also encouraged the Warriors’ fans to look at the positives from their campaign instead of criticising the team. “I think the players can be proud for getting to Egypt,” said Rusike. “For Zimbabwe to do it for the second time in a row is an achievement in itself. There will be a lot of noise from the side-lines, but let’s build on this instead of seeking to blame.”