As people come to terms with the inevitable effects that a
public places by-law has on the homeless, including being fined, the City of Cape
Town has defended its efforts to help the vulnerable get off the streets. This follows a story on Monday in which it emerged that
homeless people were receiving fines from law enforcement officials for
obstructing pavements and other offences. The public largely reacted with outrage on social media and
the ANC in the province demanded an end to what it deemed a "war against
the homeless". City officials explained at the time that they were not
targeting the homeless but enforcing the by-laws following numerous complaints
from residents. Most often cited is contraventions of the 2007 by-law
relating to streets, public places and the prevention of noise nuisances.  'Dynamics have changed' In a joint statement on Tuesday, mayoral committee members
JP Smith and Zahid Badroodien said the City had invested in the plight of its
street people through a host of interventions in the last decade. "For several years, we have been focusing strongly on
social development, as the myriad interventions attest to. "However, the dynamics on our streets have changed, for
a number of reasons, including an increase in the number of parolees being
released by the correctional services department, as well as an increase in the
number of foreign nationals on the streets, due to a non-functioning
immigration service," the statement said. "These changing dynamics require more consistent
action, which is why we are trying to find a better balance between by-law
enforcement and our social development basket of services. "It is not illegal to be homeless, and street people
are entitled to freedom of movement as outlined in the Bill of Rights. However,
like everyone else, street people are expected to abide by the laws of the
country and by-laws of the City - particularly the by-law relating to streets,
public places and prevention of noise nuisances." 199 fines issued from Jan to March From January to March this year, the displaced persons unit
received 3 051 complaints from the public about "anti-social behaviour by
street people", the City said. During the same period, the unit issued 199 fines for
contraventions of the by-laws. The City added that the 2007 by-laws were not new. "When it was drafted, we compared it with legislation
in other municipalities and purposefully made our by-laws more humane and more
considerate than those in other major metropolitan areas. "The issuing of fines in relation to this specific
by-law is not new either. Furthermore, the fines are set by the Department of
Justice, and not the City." The City said it was in the "unenviable position of
trying to balance the rights of street people with the rights of the general
population". "Homelessness is a global phenomenon that very few
countries have managed to adequately address."  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/pavement-fines-not-new-city-of-cape-town-defends-its-efforts-to-assist-homeless-20190702