FORMER Kaizer Chiefs midfielder Josta Dladla is convinced that the club will fix the wrongs of the past season when the 2019-20 Premier Soccer League (PSL) campaign kicks-off in a little over a month’s time. The Soweto giants recorded their worst ever season last term, finishing outside the Top 8 for the first time in 11 years. Nevertheless, Dladla is optimistic about his former team’s chances of ending their four-season long trophy drought in the upcoming campaign. Amakhosi will set their sights on the Carling Black Label Cup to gear up for the new season. The off-season tournament returns after a year’s absence due to the World Cup and was replaced with the Shell Helix Ultra Cup. This year fans have been given more control through the new “change the game” element that allows them to vote for newly proposed seven rules, as part of the action on match day. So far, about 30 000 tickets have been sold for the Beer Cup Soweto derby between Chiefs and Orlando Pirates at the FNB Stadium on 27 July. Speaking at the Carling Black Label Cup fan interaction in Polokwane, Dladla insisted that Chiefs glory days were just around the corner. “There’s no better way to get back to winning ways than taking the bragging rights in one of the biggest derbies in the world,” said Dladla. “Chiefs are rebuilding and that will naturally take time, but when the time for the derby comes around, form goes out the window. “It doesn’t matter what happened the season before, everyone brings their A game in this game.” The Glamour Boys are the defending champions having won the tournament in 2017 before it took a break. However, since its inception back in 2011, Pirates have won it four times while Chiefs claimed the trophy on three occasions. As far as the votes are concerned, Amakhosi striker Bernard Parker is leading the way with 53747 votes. He is closely followed by his skipper and goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune who is sitting on 52147 votes. The Buccaneers on the other hand are led by striker Justin Shonga as far as votes are concerned. The Zambian has amassed 36066 votes and is followed closely by compatriot Augustine Mulenga with 29466. Full starting line-ups at present Kaizer Chiefs Bernard Parker, Leonardo Castro, Khama Billiat, George Maluleka, Siphelele Ntshangase, Dumisani Zuma, Eric Mathoho, Ramahlwe Mphahlele, Daniel Cardoso, Lorenzo Gordinho, Itumeleng KhuneOrlando Pirates Justin Shonga, Augustine Mulenga, Thembinkosi Lorch, Vincent Pule, Luvuyo Memela, Ben Motshwari, Happy Jele, Innocent Maela, Justice Chabalala, Mthokozisi Dube, Brilliant Khuzwayo 