WHILE some people would describe their lives as perfect if they had billions in their bank accounts, model, reality TV star and businesswoman Kylie Jenner says her life is not “perfect”. Kylie, who is the youngest billionaire shocked her more than hundred million Instagram followers when she said even though her life may be seen as perfect, it isn’t, because “I’ve lost friends along the way and lost myself too”. In a long Instagram post, the superstar said growing up in the glare of millions of people isn’t normal and that she decided to name her first tattoo “sanity” to serve as a reminder that she should keep hers every day. She wrote: “I’m proud of myself, my heart, and my strength. growing up in the light with a million eyes on you just isn’t normal. I’ve lost friends along the way and I’ve lost myself too sometimes. my first tattoo was “sanity” to remind myself every day to keep it. I’ve struggled with anxiety my whole young adult life and after my baby i dealt with all the internal ups and downs. I felt like I had to find myself completely again. I keep a whole lot to myself but just wanted to share and let you know I’m human. my life is not perfect and what you see here on social media is just the surface. be gentle with yourself, move on, and let go. we are all capable of great things, worthy of love, and allowed to express ourselves. do more of what makes you happy and be unapologetic. now is your season we all have a magnificent destiny.” I’m proud of myself, my heart, and my strength. growing up in the light with a million eyes on you just isn’t normal. I’ve lost friends along the way and I’ve lost myself too sometimes. my first tattoo was “sanity” to remind myself everyday to keep it. I’ve struggled with anxiety my whole young adult life and after my baby i dealt with all the internal ups and downs. I felt like i had to find myself completely again. I keep a whole lot to myself but just wanted to share and let you know I’m human. my life is not perfect and what you see here on social media is just the surface. be gentle with yourself, move on, and let go. we are all capable of great things, worthy of love, and allowed to express ourselves. do more of what makes you happy and be unapologetic. now is your season ? we all have a magnificent destiny. A post shared by  Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Jul 15, 2019 at 10:54pm PDT  