SOUTH Africa Under-23 coach David Notoane has been forced to make changes in his Bafana Bafana squad ahead of their two-legged African Nations Championship (Chan) qualifiers against Lesotho. The team assembled for camp yesterday, and Notoane has confirmed to SunSport that circumstances have forced him to make seven changes in the initial 23-man squad announced last week. With Chan only open to locally-based players‚ the coach had planned to utilise the core of his Cosafa Cup squad to continue preparing them for Under-23 Afcon qualifiers later this year. However, the unavailability of certain players due to club commitments and injuries, leaves Notoane in a tough position. South Africa face Lesotho at Setsoto Stadium on Sunday (3pm)‚ with the return leg to be played the following weekend. Notoane will be without Reeve Frosler (Kaizer Chiefs), Justice Chabalala (Orlando Pirates), Zukile Kewuti (Cape Town City), Sibusiso Mabiliso (AmaZulu) and Grant Margeman (Ajax Cape Town) all of whom were not released by their clubs. Goalkeeper Mondli Mpoto (Bloemfontein Celtic) and defender Thendo Mukumela (Ajax) are both reported to be injured. Notoane has called Bongani Mpandle, Bongokuhle Hlongwane from Maritzburg United, Khuliso Mudau (Black Leopards) and Kgodiso Monama (University of Pretoria) as replacements. “At the moment we have managed to get four players to replace those who have been withdrawn from the team,” said Notoane. “Ideally we wanted to use Under-23 players with a bit of experience from the likes of Chabalala who was going to give us more stability in defence. But this is also an opportunity for other players to don the national team jersey and show us what they can offer,” Notoane added: “Hopefully by the time we leave on Friday (tomorrow), we will have all the players we need. Most of the unavailable players are involved in their club’s pre-season training while others are out of the country‚ so we have to be realistic about who is available.” “You know it’s Chan, we will have to go with whatever we have.” Notoane is building up towards September’s final round of Under-23 Afcon qualifiers‚ which fall in the Fifa calendar, and which serves as the Olympic Games preliminary qualifiers. Notoane is hoping that the picture will be different in September.