The Western Cape High Court ruled on Monday that the
election of ANC councillors Sylvia Qunta and Marianne Nel as mayor and deputy
mayor of the Cederberg Municipality, respectively, was unlawful. On June 26, at a dramatic council meeting where former DA
councillor and speaker Bertie Zass voted with the ANC before resigning from the
DA, DA mayor William Farmer and ADC deputy mayor Francina Sokuyeka were ousted
through a motion of removal. Qunta and Nel were then elected as mayor and deputy mayor
and Paul Strauss as speaker. Zass has since joined the ANC. The DA claimed the proceedings were unlawful, and asked the
court to review and then set it aside. Acting Judge Fred Sievers delivered his judgment on Monday,
in which he ordered the removal of Qunta, Nel and Strauss from their positions.
He also ordered that Farmer and Sokuyeka be reinstated. He also ruled any decisions taken by the trio were unlawful
and should be set aside. Furthermore, he ordered Qunta, Nel, Strauss, Zass and ANC
councillors Lorna Scheepers and Evelyn Majikejela to carry the cost of the
proceedings. DA Western Cape leader Bonginkosi Madikizela welcomed the
ruling. "This is a victory, not only for the DA, but for the
people of the Cederberg who, through their vote, elected the DA to govern the
municipality. If the ANC wants to govern they must be elected democratically by
the people of the Cederberg," he said in a statement. "The DA will not participate in the ANC’s unlawful
proceedings to overthrow the council in an attempt to gain power and access to
municipal funds. "We will fight for the rule of law and good governance
in the Cederberg and Western Cape." Madikizela added it was "further encouraged" that
the ANC councillors and Zass were responsible for the costs. ANC Western Cape spokesperson Dennis Cruywagen said the
party was studying the judgment before it would comment.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/court-removes-anc-councillors-as-mayor-deputy-mayor-and-speaker-of-cederberg-20190722 