STUART Baxter is expected to announce his resignation as Bafana Bafana coach tomorrow. The beleaguered Baxter has called a press conference in Joburg, and given that it is him, and not Safa that has invited the media, could mean one thing. Baxter is not going out quietly! However, the football association can be expected to pre-empt him and pronounce on his future before his planned media briefing. The Safa technical committee are expected to sit on Saturday to discuss reports of the national teams, including Bafana’s Africa Cup of Nations as well as that of Banyana after their Women’s World Cup outing. Safa president Danny Jordaan has already confirmed the association will review Baxter’s report and “a decision will be taken”. “He has just arrived back in the country (from holiday) he will submit his report,” Jordaan told SunSport. “On Saturday there would be a meeting of the technical committee where they will receive his report. “He will report to the committee about his performance. “Then the committee will make a recommendation, because the decision is a decision of the Safa national executive. That executive will receive the report and make a final decision.” Baxter’s stay in Bafana came under more scrutiny after the team’s uninspiring performances at the Afcon in Egypt, where they were knocked out by Nigeria in the last eight. Baxter’s men were shocking in the group stages, having lost to the Ivory Coast and Morocco. They sneaked into the knockout stage as one of the best four third-placed group finishers, largely thanks to their win against Namibia. It has been almost two weeks since the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) concluded in Egypt. And countries like Egypt, Tanzania and Guinea have wasted no time in firing their coaches following unimpressive performances in the tournament. Namibia also did not renew the contract of Ricardo Mannetti, while Herve Renard resigned from Morocco. The 65-year-old mentor has managed eight wins‚ eight draws and four losses in 20 matches. When asked if the association were happy with Bafana’s progress since Baxter took over, Jordaan said: “You must know that the last time we were in the Afcon quarter-finals was almost 16 years ago. And (this time) we were within two minutes of extra time against Nigeria. Unfortunately, they scored a goal and that was the end of our Afcon.”