FORMER World Boxing Association (WBA) Pan African champion gallo is expecting to tap back to his winning when he takes on Thulani Gumede at Blairgowrie Recreation Centre in Randburg. Nqothela and the unbeaten KwaZulu Natal boxer will tear on each other on undercard of Supreme Boxing Promotions bill in conjunction with Caring Cross Promotions. Heading the seven bout boxing feast is the WBA Pan African cruiserweight championship between defending Akani Phuzi and the Namibian challenger Wilberforce Shihepo. The Eastern Cape promising boxing star suffered to the Western Cape born fighter Sabelo “The Saints” Ngebiyana on his two previous outings. His trainer Alan Toweel said the losses Nqothole suffered were an eye opener and they have withdrawn lessons out of them. “Those defeats were wake-up calls and also afforded us with an opportunity to do corrections.  Losing is the part of development in boxing I’m glad that he suffered those defeats now not later in his boxing career. The beauty of fighter’s defeat earlier in his is that a he still young and has plenty of time to learn,” he said. “I will never give up on a good thing and Sikho is that gem I will not afford to lose. On Sunday we are expecting a good win goes back to the top again. Sikho is number five and his opponent seats at third opt,” explained Toweel. According to Toweel they should not have taken the second fight and leave Ngebiyana alone, maybe cross swords with Nqothole later in their boxing career. Ngebiyane dethroned Nqothole of his WBA regional belt with a unanimous points decision at Swaziland’s Swazi Royal Spa and Casino in last November. Four months later he knocked him out in a SA championship contest in East London. Other bouts on Sunday bill: main supporting bout mini flyweight Bandile Nyangani v Oscar Richard (ABU title), junior lightweight Jeffrey Magagane v Paul Mangxilana, junior flyweight Sanele Mhlungu v George Kandulo, junior bantamweight Thabiso Khoetle v Mxolisi Masina, welterweight Cecil Maluleke v Yaseen Domingo.