Veteran actress Nomhle Nkonheni's memorial service took place this evening at The Market Theatre in Johannesburg. Actors and actresses many who have shared a stage with uMam'Nomhle and those who've worked with her on TV and movie sets including James Ngcobo, Jerry Mofokeng, Sello Maake ka-Ncube and Lilian Dube came to remember an industry great. They came and shared their fondest memories of her. One thing that came up a lot as they talked about uMam'Nomhle was that she was a fighter, she was true to herself and she didn't take any nonsense from any mq*+du (which was one of her the words she used a lot). This is something she taught many of her colleagues she worked with. They talked about how she taught them to stand up for themselves and fight for what they deserve. Zikhona Sodlaka who acted alongside uMam'Nomhle in the Mzansi Magic drama Igazi was one the people who regarded not only as a mother but also a mentor. Like her mentor Sodlaka took to the stage to blast the government for not being at the memorial service. Not even representatives from the Department of Arts and Culture were there. Sodlaka lambasted this and said it shows what the government thinks of actors and actresses. Sodlaka also blasted the industry, talked about how actors are still being ripped off. " This is a billion rand industry but most of us are still struggling," Sodlaka said. This message was echoed by veteran actor Sam Phillips. "We can't come here and say we are honouring Nomhle and speak the truth, who are we trying to kid?" asked Phillips. Phillips talked about the dire conditions veteran actors usually find themselves. He said that to honour mam'Nomhle the actors and industry people need to take a hard look at themselves and work to fix the industry. Dr Lilian Dube said that she understood where Sodlaka was coming from. But she said actors were to blame for the situation they find themselves. She said the actors are not united and that's why they continue to be ripped off. She said it is time that actors come together and fight to make their situations better. Mam'Nomhle Nkonyeni's niece Zandile Nkonyeni shared memories of her aunt. She remembered how uMam'Nomhle would make time for the people in the Eastern Cape when she visited. "She never lit the glitz and glamour of the fame get to her,'' Zandile said. The funeral service of uMam'Nomhle will be on Friday in New Brighton in Port Elizabeth in the Eastern Cape.                 