INSTEAD OF throwing bones and calling on the ancestors, Elizabeth Kokong uses sewing needles as her divine tools of the trade. Clients bring their clothes for mending, but Elizabeth picks up visions about their life stories as soon as she starts fixing the clothes. Not only is she a good tailor but her needles are part of her gifts. When she’s sewing for someone, Elizabeth can see their problems and pains through their clothes! The 52-year-old single mum of one from Tsakane in Ekurhuleni said she has been a spiritual medium since she was only eight. She said when she sees someone’s problems in their clothes, she can help them using only water. To become a healer, Elizabeth said, she had to go in 1989 to a river, where her spiritual gifts were made even more powerful. She said she’s been seeing people’s problems through their clothes long before she became a tailor. When she was a domestic worker, she’d see her boss’ problems while doing laundry. “When a person gives me their clothes, I see everything about their lives,” she said. “When they fetch their clothes, I tell them what I saw and how it can be fixed. I can heal people using water I pray over.” Elizabeth said she had dealt with sangomas who tried to steal her gift, but she was guarded by God and he’d never let them win. She said her gift didn’t allow her to cut cloth, only to patch and sew. Elizabeth’s cousin Lindiwe (57) said she was a bit scared of the gift at first but learned to embrace it. “She used to touch her friends’ clothes and tell them about what was happening in their families.” A number of Elizabeth’s clients recently told Daily Sun they were happy with her services. Sibongile Mnguni (33) said she was shocked when Elizabeth told her about her problems. “I took my trousers to her and when I went to fetch them, she told me about my pain and suffering. “I’m not a sangoma person and she just used water to heal me. I’ve never been happier.” Lindelani Mntambo (43) said he started going to Elizabeth after a friend told him about her. “I took my jacket for her to patch and she sensed my pain as soon as she touched it.”