Former president Jacob Zuma is expected back at the state
capture commission of inquiry on Friday following an impasse between his legal
team and that of the commission. "The Commission will continue to hear testimony of
former President of South Africa, Mr Jacob Zuma", it confirmed in
statement issued on Thursday. This comes after Zuma’s legal team of Dan Mantsha and Muzi
Sikhakhane SC objected to evidence leader advocate Paul Pretorius’s line of
questioning, accusing him of cross-examining Zuma. On Wednesday, Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo adjourned
proceedings until Friday to allow for the legal teams to iron out the impasse. Meanwhile, the Pan African Bar Association of South Africa
(Pabasa) expressed concerned about recent reports of death threats made against
advocate Sikhakhane. On Tuesday, Zuma told the commission of death threats made
against him and his children following his appearance on Monday. He said his personal assistant had received a call and the
person on the other end said: "You must tell Zuma we are going to kill him
and we are going to kill his children…" Zuma said this followed threats made against his senior
counsel, Sikhakhane, a week or so ago. In a statement issued on Thursday, Pabasa condemned in the
"strongest terms" threats of violence against legal practitioners. "Advocates are independent legal practitioners who are
ethically bound to represent their clients to the best of their abilities and
to maintain the highest levels of integrity and professionalism as officers of
the court. "They advocate their client's case on the instructions
of their client," said Pabasa's secretary general, Xoliswa Sibeko. Sibeko added the criminal justice system would not function
without the involvement of independent legal practitioners. "Lawyers provide an essential service for truth-finding
in courts, commissions of inquiry and other dispute resolution tribunals. Every
person or party that is participating in such a proceeding has a right to be
heard." He added advocates have the task of protecting the interests
of their clients, saying "attacks on lawyers, threats and attempts to
intimidate them when discharging their professional duties are therefore also
an attack on our democracy and the rule of law".  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/confirmed-zuma-back-at-zondo-inquiry-after-impasse-20190718 