If South Africa is to root out corruption, every form of this scourge should be tackled, whether in the public or private sector, Chief Justice Mogoeng Mogoeng has said.  Asked if South Africa was at a crossroads, Mogoeng said the country was being confronted with very serious challenges that it hadn't faced before. "Because, watching from afar, you can see that there are divisions that are disturbing at the very high level in our society - I choose to be as ambiguous as all that – which does not seem to augur well for stability, which does not augur well for the much-needed leadership, focused leadership that the investor community requires and that a nation requires." Mogoeng added that he was "disturbed" by retrenchments, the fact that the economy was not growing, and the level of crime. He said the root cause of most crime – excluding corruption – was poverty. "Ordinary, day-to-day crime is escalating, and it is those who are poverty-stricken who commit crime most of the time. And the reason is not hard to find. There's a reason why you and I are not involved in crime," he said. "The worst that can happen to us is to be corrupt out of greed, but an average South African who is involved in crime is trying to survive. And I'm worried the loss of dignity drives you to kill, to do all sorts of unthinkable things that most of our people that are poverty stricken tend to do. "The one way I think, the only way actually, to uproot corruption is to make sure that every form of corruption, wheresoever it may be found, is uprooted. But if you're just going to scratch the surface, as I think we tend to do, for many, many years to come, and unemployment will persist, poverty will persist. This contentment will persist and the instability will be a feature of South African society, unfortunately. "I love South Africans, regardless of their colour or gender, but I hate corruption, regardless of who the practitioner of corruption is. And I think we have got to target all institutions, government institutions and the private sector. Remember, if you trace corruption without fear or favour, you'll realise that the private sector is involved in offering corruption."       