Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan has a Bachelor of
Pharmacy degree. The University of KwaZulu-Natal (UKZN) confirmed this after
the embattled minister's detractors spread a rumour on social media that he did
not hold this qualification. "The Office of the Registrar at the University of
KwaZulu-Natal confirms that Pravin Jamnadas Gordhan studied and successfully
completed the requirements for the Bachelor of Pharmacy degree in 1973,"
read a statement from Ashton Bodrick, the university's executive director for
corporate relations. "In addition, he received an honorary doctorate in 2003
and the Convocation Award in 2013 from the university." MEDIA STATEMENT  8 July 2019  Confirmation of Qualifications: Pravin Gordhan graduated
from UKZN pic.twitter.com/Hf4ClPEm1K — University of KZN (@UKZN) July 8, 2019 While it is unclear what sparked the rumour, several tweets
included one from 2016 by fact-checking organisation Africa Check, which read:
"@UKZN Please let us know when we can expect a response to our query
regarding Pravin Gordhan's qualifications?" .@UKZN has confirmed that #PravinGordhan "studied and
successfully completed the requirements for the degree Bachelor of Pharmacy in
1973".  We have updated our 2016 #factcheck to reflect this:
https://t.co/HBCJGiHo4bhttps://t.co/2NoDRFoueM — Africa Check (@AfricaCheck) July 8, 2019 This was part of a fact check it did on a claim by
then-president Jacob Zuma that Des van Rooyen was the most qualified person he
had ever appointed as finance minister. Africa Check found this to be true. On Monday, Africa Check tweeted that it had received
confirmation from UKZN that Gordhan had indeed received his degree and that it
had updated its page. This apparently did little to sway the anti-Gordhan brigade
on Twitter. Many proclaim affiliation to the EFF, which has been at loggerheads
with the minister recently. Toward the end of last year, as its own finances came under
scrutiny, the EFF launched several attacks on Gordhan. It has also come out as defenders of Public Protector
Busisiwe Mkhwebane who, in May and last week, made adverse findings against
Gordhan relating to former deputy SA Revenue Services (Sars) commissioner Ivan
Pillay's early retirement and payout and the "Sars Rogue Unit". Gordhan previously indicated he intends taking both reports
on judicial review. https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/pravin-gordhan-has-a-pharmacy-degree-ukzn-confirms-20190708 