STUART BAXTER may have guided Bafana Bafana to the Afcon quarter-finals but the month-long camp wasn’t covered in happiness at all. The outside picture portrayed Bafana in good spirits and conversations among some players inside the camp contradict this. Some players, who opted to remain anonymous for fear of reprisals, have even threatened not to come back to the team as long as coach Stuart Baxter remained in charge, SunSport has reliably been informed. Some insiders related an incident of a peeved Hlompho Kekana walking out of a meeting with the coach after the Mamelodi Sundowns star was summoned to explain why he was always laughing at training. Sources also confirmed one instance of Baxter telling Thulani Serero that he didn’t want to play for the coach because he was too cautious and had a conservative approach. On paper, Baxter had assembled an attacking team for Afcon but it was clear that he never knew how to get the best out of a squad littered with creative and attacking players. The over-reliance on Percy Tau came against its own limitations, given that the opponents knew before the tournament that the Belgium-based striker was Bafana’s danger man. Lebogang Mothiba also struggled as a lone striker and Lars Veldwijk offered little each time he came on. Also, there was clearly no back-up to take the burden off Percy Tau, as Baxter overlooked Thembinkosi Lorch and Serero for a while. There was a lack of freedom by attacking players as the balls would either be passed sideways or backwards. The later introduction Lorch in the knockout stages provided themuch-needed spark and this showed in Bafana’s 1-0 over Egypt in the last 16 round. Lorch justified his inclusion by scoring the goal. It was the good attacking football that earned Bafana raved reviews from SA fans and opposition alike. Bafana’s opening matches at the Afcon was an eyesore. Statistics from the team’s three group matches point to Baxter’s cautious approach – even when the opponents were there for the taking. There are renewed calls for Baxter to vacate his seat and these are justified. Lashing back at the public who questioned his tactics did not aid his course. Criticism comes with the coaching job and Baxter should have handled the situation in a diplomatic way other than making reckless statements at each taunt. “It annoys me sometimes when we hear of the 56 million behind us. When in reality, there’s not 56 million behind us. There’s 56 million waiting to chop our heads off,” Baxter said this before the game against Namibia.