A homeless
man who believes he may have been attacked by the so-called "nocturnal
prowler", says he lives in constant fear that his attacker will return to
finish the job. The man,
who declined to reveal his identity to News24, used to live in Magnolia Park in
Muckleneuk - the same park where the bodies of two homeless men, believed to
have been murdered by the nocturnal prowler, were found in June. He
previously told News24 that he awoke during the early hours of a morning in May
to a man violently stabbing him. A homeless
man who sleeps in Magnolia Park said that if he isn't given help, he might be
the next to die at the hands of the serial killer targeting rough sleepers in
Tshwane. Since the
attack, he has moved out of Magnolia Park and stays in different suburbs in
Tshwane. "I
don't know when this person is coming to finish me. I am scared," he told
News24. The man who
works as a recycler, has no problem moving around the park during the day but
will not sleep there at night. But before
the attack, he felt that the park was a home and a haven. He hopes to return to
Magnolia once his attacker has been caught. Gauteng
police spokesperson Brigadier Mathapelo Peters told News24 last month that two
homeless men approached the team after they were attacked. The men
reported that their attacker wore a balaclava, attacked them during the evening
while they were sleeping and acted alone. While
police have not specifically said that the murders were the work of a serial
killer, they have called the perpetrator the nocturnal prowler. Five bodies
found Since the
beginning of June, the bodies of five homeless men have been found in different
parts of Muckleneuk. According
to police, the first body was found in a veld near the Mears Park train station
on June 1. Two more bodies were found in Magnolia Park on June 8 and 9. A fourth
body was found on a pavement on the corner of Justice Mohammed and Troye
streets on June 18, and a fifth body was discovered a day later, on June 19, at
a bus stop about 400m from Unisa's main campus, also in Muckleneuk. Police said
the five were homeless middle-aged males. They were all killed at night. News24 also
understands that victims were either stabbed, suffered blunt force trauma from
a heavy object or injuries inflicted in both manners. However, post mortems
will determine the cause of death in each case. SOURCE: NEWS24