A Durban man whose father's mouth was infested with maggots
after he was admitted to RK Khan Hospital says he will not rest until the staff
at the facility pay for neglecting him. Azaad Ebrahim said he was livid with the hospital after his
52-year-old father Abdul, who suffered a stroke and had mobility issues, was
found with maggots in his mouth shortly before his death on Tuesday. A video of the creatures in his mouth emerged this week,
showing the visibly unwell man's upper lip infested with moving maggots. Speaking to News24 shortly after his father's funeral on
Wednesday, a distraught Ebrahim said he would do all in his power to ensure
others didn't suffer like his father. His father's troubles emerged after he was admitted to
hospital on June 19. During admission, Ebrahim said nurses were degrading his
family because of the strong smell coming from his father. "The doctor was excellent, but the nurses were so
unprofessional, spraying perfume all over, but not engaging us." He said it was decided that his father would be operated on
as soon as possible. However, days later, no surgery had taken place. Maggots in the upper lip On the morning of June 23, Ebrahim said he called the
hospital and was told that they were cleaning his father. "I thought they were brushing his teeth and bathing
him. I arrived at 10:00 to visit. When I saw my dad, his upper lip looked a bit
swollen." Ebrahim said when he inspected closer, he was shocked. "Maggots were crawling and so active and moving. I lost
my mind. I screamed. I couldn't believe that no one attended to him. The first
thing anyone does in the morning is brush their teeth. They couldn't even do
that? Not even a guard came into the room. They just isolated my dad in the
room because of the smell." He said that after taking a moment to calm himself, he went
back to his father to find that nothing had been done. "When I returned, they still refused to assist. I asked
the nurse for utensils and tissue paper and cleaned him myself." Ebrahim said nurses only began helping after a relative
reported the matter to the Health Professions Council of South Africa on the
same day. Ebrahim said his father was possibly not cleaned for the
duration of his June admission. "For five days, they never cleaned my father. I took
care of my father every second of my day. You see maggots in dead people, not
someone who is alive." Video should not have been distributed – health department The Department of Health said it had passed its condolences
on to the family. Spokesperson Ncumisa Mafunda said the department was
"extremely concerned about the filming and distribution of footage
depicting a patient". It claimed that Ebrahim had a history of neglect and
suffered from a number of serious ailments. "Health professionals who were attending to a
particular patient were concerned, but not alarmed, by certain developments
during treatment".  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/family-left-fuming-as-maggots-found-in-mouth-of-durban-hospital-patient-20190703 