Kim Kardashian West has been awarded $2.7 million in damages from fast fashion retailer Missguided USA. The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star ended up walking away with a total of $2,7 million (R37 million) in damages and $60 000 (R84 000) in attorneys' fees.BBC News stated that Missguided has been banned from using Kim’s "trademarks in connection with the sale, marketing or distribution of its products". The brand has since removed all the images of the beauty mogul from their Instagram page. Kim Kardashian "got married on ecstasy" when she was 19 Kim Kardashian 'Got Married on Ecstasy' When She Was 19 WATCH: The Kardashians are back with lots of drama Keeping up with the Kardashians season 16 airs Sundays at 20:00 on E! (DStv 124). Kim Kardashian assists Trump's justice reforms Reality star and activist Kim Kardashian West has returned to the White House to promote efforts to help those leaving prison return to the workforce. Kardashian West announced a ride-sharing program to help former prisoners get transportation. Duchess of Sussex nominated for World Fashion Award The Duchess of Sussex, Naomi Campbell, Rihanna, Dame Vivienne Westwood, Kim Kardashian West, Victoria Beckham, Jennifer Lopez and Priyanka Chopra have all been nominated for the International Fashion Icon Award at the inaugural World Fashion Awards. Kim Kardashian West: Kris Jenner taught me to negotiate Kim Kardashian West learned how to "negotiate" from her mother, because she was always too "insecure" to negotiate deals for herself when her career started. Kim Kardashian studying to become a lawyer Kim Kardashian’s advocacy work for released criminals has apparently inspired her to pursue a legal career. Kim Kardashian West throws party for daughter Chicago Kim Kardashian West celebrated Chicago's first birthday with an Alice In Wonderland themed party. Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West's baby due in May Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West's fourth child - and second child via surrogate mother - is reportedly due in May. Kim Kardashian West 'aced' law exam Kim Kardashian West has taken to social media to reveal she has "aced" her Tort law exam. Kim Kardashian West reveals key to wrinkle-free skin is refusing to smile Kim Kardashian West has told make-up fans that they can keep their skin wrinkle-free by not smiling in photographs. Kim Kardashian launches shapewear line Kimono Kim Kardashian made the announcement on Tuesday. Kim Kardashian West and Khloe Kardashian get psychic reading Kim Kardashian West and her sister Khloe Kardashian both had personal readings by a medium at the former's Calabasas mansion on Tuesday (26.02.19). Kim Kardashian West was in delivery room when baby arrived Kim Kardashian West was in the delivery room when her daughter was born via a surrogate on Monday (15.01.18). Kim Kardashian West will have 'zen' baby shower Kim Kardashian West wants a "zen-like CBD-themed" baby shower ahead of the arrival of her fourth child. Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West 'slow down' to spend time with son Psalm Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West are said to "have slowed down" to spend time with their newborn baby boy Psalm, and they are "bursting with happiness". Kim Kardashian West on the importance of forgiveness Kim Kardashian West has spoke out about the importance of "forgiveness" in the wake of the Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson cheating drama. Kim Kardashian West and Paris Hilton reunite for belated birthday party Kim Kardashian West reunited with Paris Hilton over the weekend for a belated birthday party. Kim Kardashian West studying to be a lawyer Kim Kardashian West has begun training to be a lawyer and hopes to pass the bar in 2022. Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West 'proud' of their marriage Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West are "very proud" of their marriage and the family they've built together, as they recently celebrated their fifth anniversary. Kim Kardashian is serious about following her dreams and becoming a lawyer Kim Kardashian has defended her decision to seek out a career as a lawyer after critics suggested she's too uneducated to take the bar exam. Kim Kardashian denies daughter North has a boyfriend Kim Kardashian has angrily hit back at rumours that her five-year-old daughter North has a boyfriend. Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West are 'closer' with a baby on the way Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West are "closer" now they're expecting their fourth child together, as sources say they've been "a lot more romantic" recently. Kim Kardashian West says Kanye West's Sunday service was 'magical' Kim Kardashian West said her husband Kanye West's Sunday service (19.05.19) this week was "magical" despite being forced indoors due to the rain. Kim Kardashian renames Kimono shapewear line following backlash Kim Kardashian has renamed her Kimono shapewear line following backlash from Japanese activists. Kim Kardashian West announces beauty collaboration with Winnie Harlow Kim Kardashian West has announced a KKW Beauty collaboration with Winnie Harlow on Sunday night's episode of 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' (06.16.19) Kim Kardashian West announces beauty collaboration with Winnie Harlow Kim Kardashian West has announced a KKW Beauty collaboration with Winnie Harlow on Sunday night's episode of 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' (06.16.19) Kim Kardashian West announces beauty collaboration with Winnie Harlow Kim Kardashian West has announced a KKW Beauty collaboration with Winnie Harlow on Sunday night's episode of 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' (06.16.19) Kim Kardashian West slams 'idiot' Jordyn Woods Kim Kardashian West called Jordyn Woods a "f***ing idiot" for kissing Khloe Kardashian's then-boyfriend Tristan Thompson, and insisted she should have called to apologise. Kim Kardashian keen for Keeping Up with the Kardashians vacation special in South Africa In an exclusive interview with Channel24, Kim Kardashian reveals she would love to take her family on safari in South Africa. Kim Kardashian’s Lyft Partnership to Help Ex-Inmates to Launch Next Month: Report Kim Kardashian West’s partnership with Lyft to provide 5,000 incarcerated individuals with free rides to job interviews upon their release could begin as early as next month. Kylie Jenner's daughter Stormi makes magazine debut in three generations cover shot Kylie Jenner's 16-month-old daughter Stormi has made her magazine debut, posing on the cover of Harper's Bazaar Arabia with her mother and grandmother Kris Jenner. Kylie Jenner and Khloe Kardashian launch beauty collection Kylie Jenner and Khloe Kardashian have announced their third joint make-up collection with Kylie Cosmetics. Kylie Jenner and Khloe Kardashian share clips of Stormi and True's play date Kylie Jenner and Khloe Kardashian share clips of Stormi and True's play date Caitlyn Jenner pays tribute to dads in her life but doesn't mention Tristan Thompson Caitlyn Jenner seemingly snubbed Tristan Thompson as she paid tribute to the dads in her life on Father's Day (16.06.19), but failed to mention Khloe Kardashian's ex. Kendall Jenner slams Kourtney Kardashian for 'picking' on her Kendall Jenner has slammed Kourtney Kardashian for "picking" on her in order to seem "cool" in front of her friends. Kim Kardashian West says her sisters are 'everything' Kim Kardashian West says her sisters are 'everything' Kim Kardashian West is 'obsessed' with new KKW product Kim Kardashian West is "obsessed" with her Loose Shimmer Powder from her body make-up collection. Kim Kardashian West launches body make-up Kim Kardashian West is releasing her own collection of body make-up to help "cover" her psoriasis. Kim Kardashian West to change shapewear line name Kim Kardashian West is to change the name of her Kimono shapewear range. Kim Kardashian West threatened to axe Christmas bash over Kanye West's lavish plans Kim Kardashian West threatened to cancel the family Christmas party because of her husband Kanye West's "inappropriate" plans for the annual bash. Kim Kardashian West speaks on prison reform at White House Kim Kardashian West has returned to the White House to discuss prison reform as she spoke at an event promoting ways to help former prisoners return to the workforce. Kim Kardashian West has launched shapewear line Kim Kardashian West has launched her own shapewear line named Kimono, and she revealed Kanye West designed the logo. Kim Kardashian West shares first picture of son Psalm Kim Kardashian West has shared the first image of her son Psalm West, almost one month after he was born via surrogate mother. Kim Kardashian West hailed as 'blessing' by former prisoner Kim Kardashian West has been called a "tremendous blessing" by former prisoner Matthew Charles after she has helped him throughout his release earlier this year. ShowBiz Minute: Kardashian West, Spears, 'Spider-Man' Kim Kardashian West faces backlash over Kimono shapewear; Britney Spears' conservatorship sues blogger for defamation; Tom Holland premieres "Spider-Man: Far From Home" in Los Angeles. Kourtney Kardashian regrets TV births Kourtney Kardashian admits she regrets letting the 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians' cameras in to film her giving birth to Mason, seven, and five-year-old Penelope. Kourtney Kardashian recalls Scott Disick clash Kourtney Kardashian claimed in the latest 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians' episode that her ex Scott Disick behaved "aggressively" as he struggled to come to terms with her finding love again O.J. Simpson: Robert Kardashian was 'like a brother to me' O.J. Simpson says late lawyer Robert Kardashian was "like a brother" to him as he opened up about his relationship with the Kardashian family.