 A FIERY MEC for settlements in Gauteng,
Lebogang Maile, tore into the opposition benches as he promised that those who
have illegally occupied land are going to be evicted by force. “We condemn the EFF! We are going to evict
those who have occupied land illegally and there’s nothing that you EFF are
going to do about it,” Maile said. Maile was speaking during the SOPA debate at
the Gauteng Legislature today. He also told DA members to stop saying he
stole from the Alexandra Renewal Project. Maile said: “Repeat what you are saying
outside this building and I’ll show you. Ask her (pointing at EFF chairperson
Mandisa Mashego). She is going to pay and arm and a leg for the unfounded
allegations she made against me.” He also said that it was not right for the EFF
threatening not to vote in municipalities because they are angry with their
coalition parties. He said: “You are a party that has been given
votes by the people, but you have taken a posture not to vote in municipalities.
One moment you say you are going to vote with the DA, the next you are not
going to vote. We have stopped believing you liars!” He also attacked the DA-run Joburg City for
underspending while people were suffering. In reply to Maile, the EFF’s Malesela Ledwaba
said many of their people did not know what it is like to have a decent home. Ledwaba said: “We shall continue to tell our
people to keep on occupying the land. Many of our people do not know what a
decent house is. It’s not by choice that people are living in backyards. They
are suffering. So, our people will continue to occupy any open vacant land.” The DA’s Makashule Gana praised the Premier,
David Makhura for his energy when he makes speeches, however, he said that
energy could be used best in action. Gana said: “Unfortunately, we can’t judge you
on the energy you showed on Monday. You talk tough but act softly.” The Premier thanked all those from the
opposition parties who gave a positive input and promised that he’ll look at
their suggestions. He critcised DA leader Jack Bloom, for his
negativity “belief system” about the ANC and for saying “the same thing for the
past 25 years”. He said no matter what the ANC can do, they
won’t be abler to change him for the next 50 years.     