REIGNING World Boxing Association (WBA) Pan African cruiserweight champion, Akani “The Prime” Phuzi, has vowed to smoke Wilberforce Shihepo and send him back home empty-handed. The two will exchange blows at the Blairgowrie Recreational Centre, in Randburg, Jozi, on 14 July. The unbeaten local cruiserweight star will be making his second title defence against the experienced Namibian challenger. Phuzi, who had a successful and a busy year in 2018, said he wanted to continue enjoying the same success. His top performance against Chris “The Wolf” Thompson earned him a nomination at the Boxing SA Awards. “Well, I didn’t get an award for my fine display. But this year, I’d like to get one. I’m not sure which category, but one will be good,” he said. The 24-year-old former amateur star is looking beyond Shilepo. “My preparations are all coming up good. I had the best sparring session with top fighters in the boxing business, the likes of Ryno “The Lion” Liebenberg. “I don’t know much about my opponent except his fight record, but one thing for sure I’ll show him flames. “I’m going to smoke Shihepo and send him back home empty-handed. “His experience really doesn’t worry me. I’m prepared for 12 tough rounds,” said Phuzi. After this championship contest, the talented pugilist would like to get an international fight before taking on the world’s cruiserweight big guns. The promising fighter, from Malamulele Village in Giyani, Limpopo, has been in camp since the beginning of the year. He was helping his stablemates, Justice Siliga and Frank Rodrigues, who fell short on their quest to be crowned national champions via a short route. Siliga was blown away on the opening round by the SA defending heavyweight champion Ruan Visser last week, while Rodrigues suffered a technical knockout in the hands of Nicholas Radley. Shihepo has not won anything big, except the WBO Pan African on lighter division, but will put Phuzi’s ring character to the test. His ring credentials are far much better than his South African counterpart’s previous opponents. This will be his ninth trip on Mzansi’s shores. He has previously locked horns with the likes of Johnny Muller, Khotso Motau and Isaac Chilemba, among others.