Illegal dumping and blocked drains are some of the causes
of major flooding in Cape Town. This is according to the Mayco member Safety and
Security Jean-Pierre Smith. He says this as the municipality mops around after
heavy flooding that affected Cape Town in the last 48 hours. “Following the latest winter task team meeting this
morning, Wednesday 24 July, blockages in the storm water system emerged
as one of the biggest concerns. "These blockages are the result of illegal
dumping, but also persons storing items in the drains,” Smith said. Motorists who spoke to Sunteam said they struggled to get home as
roads were full of water. They said
floods affected the roads to an extend
that they took more than two hours to get home on a distance they usually spend
30 minutes on a normal day. “It has been a hectic journey from Kuilsriver to
Bongweni because the roads are flooded and cars are moving very slow. Some cars
are getting stuck on the middle of the road in floods and this causes more
delays of other motorists,” said Nomthandazo Jamela (34) who stays in Bongweni
nea Site C in Khayelitsha. Learners who were
coming from school said their bus had been stuck in the floods for two hours
and some had to ask their parents to fetch them. “Our bus just switched off and
the driver tried to switch it on but nothing happened so he ended up leaving us
here as he left to look for help. We can’t go anywhere we will just wait for
our parents to come and pick us here because we are stuck in these floods,”
said Sisonke Bacela (14). Besides roads flooding, several dwellings have been
heavily affected. The City of Cape Town’s Disaster and Risk Management said 3
640 structures were affected in Masiphumelele, Imizamo Yethu, Khayelitsha,
Burundi, Nomzamo and Wallacedene. Electricity was disrupted with 122 power
outages across the metropole and nine incidents of trees that had blown over or
fallen branches and two incidents where roofs were blown off in Masiphumelele
and Burundi informal settlement. Smith said the City has gone all out to the
ground to address the reported incidents. “This situation will change as repair teams make their
way through the list of reported incidents. We ask that residents please bear
with us, as assessments must be completed for purposes of record, before
assistance like flood kits can be provided. The City did make emergency shelter
available to the affected communities; however, these offers have not been
accepted. We have also informed Sassa around the need for humanitarian
relief,"  said Smith.