 Former chief of state
protocol Bruce Koloane says the final report into the Gupta Waterkloof landing
in 2013 "smells fishy". Koloane, who is now
the South African ambassador to the Netherlands, was testifying at the judicial
commission of inquiry into state capture on Monday. The justice, crime
prevention and security (JCPS) cluster investigated the landing after 200
guests of the Gupta family landed at the air force base in a commercial
aircraft to attend the family's lavish wedding in Sun City. "I want to go on
record that the manner in which the final report was compiled by the JCPS
smells fishy, and normally if it smells fishy, it is fish," Koloane told
inquiry chairperson Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo. "The people that
interviewed me, I would have expected that they are the people who are also
associating with the document. Now, they are the people who have never sat with
me at all, but they are the ones compiling the final report," he said. Koloane has become
known as the "fall guy" in the Waterkloof landing saga "I just want to
go on record chair, to say I, as one of the people who was implicated, was
never ever invited by the committee of four people ... so that they could sit
with me and say that 'there are some contradictory information we have received
which conflicts with the statement that you have given'. Never. So, I was never
subjected to that. "Second, one of
the people in that committee it came out ... is that Mr Tom Moyane was part of
that committee, but he never sat in meetings where I was interrogated by the
committee…" Koloane said he was
never given an opportunity to interact with the information gathered by the
committee He added the report
was already in the public domain by the time he was called to give his account
of the events. Koloane claimed that
during his first interaction with former director-general of justice and
constitutional development Nonkululeko Sindane who chaired the JCPS – Sidane
pronounced that he should not be allowed to use state funds to defend himself
legally. "I wasn't sure
where that came from… I thought there was already a bias and when the report
came in the way that it did, it definitely raised serious concerns on my
side," he said. Asked to identify
factual inaccuracies in the report, Koloane said what Sindane referred to was
that he (Koloane) told someone that the minister of transport approved the
landing. "Surely, surely,
you will also appreciate that I won't be naïve to expect a minister of
transport to supersede the minister of defence when Waterkloof is a base that
falls under the authority of the minister of defence. "Yes, the
minister of transport spoke to me about the landing at OR Tambo, but never did
I make reference to it landing at Waterkloof," Koloane said. Sidane, who had
previously testified before the Zondo commission, said the JCPS cluster
interviewed everyone involved in the incident, including the Gupta family,
ministers, high ranking officials and the deputy director-general in the
Presidency at the time. He explained that
former president Jacob Zuma was exonerated in this incident because he was never
directly implicated by anyone in their investigations. However, his name was
used to get the permission needed. At the time, Koloane was accused of
name-dropping Zuma in order to get consent, in particular. Sindane said during
the investigation, Koloane denied that Zuma had instructed him. "There were
references to 'Number 1' and we say this was abuse because … for at least
Ambassador Koloane, we interviewed him and he denied being instructed [by
Zuma]," Sindane said at the time During his testimony on
Monday, Koloane said he had no authority to approve the landing. He added the first
time he had learned about the request was when he received a call from the
Indian high commissioner. Instead, he only asked
for correct procedures to be followed in approving the flight clearance. Koloane is expected to
continue with his testimony on Tuesday. SOURCE: NEWS24