The Minister of Sports
Arts and Culture Nathi Mthethwa says his department will hold a football Indaba
to discuss and find solutions affecting football in the country. He said this this while
presenting his budget vote in Parliament on Wednesday. He said the event is also
meant on solutions to support grassroots football in the country. Mthethwa
highlighted his unhappiness about the national soccer team Bafana Bafana for
their continuous lacklustre displays. “The country has not seen
good results in the main sporting code of football. Football is the biggest
sporting code of the country. The performance of Bafana Bafana has left a lot
to be desired,” said Mthethwa. He said while the game of
football has a win or lose aspect, some performance by the national soccer team
are not good enough. “While we expect lose or
win, it is when there is the absence of fighting spirit in a loss, which a
country offers nothing than criticism. Teams that represent their country as
soldiers, gets the sympathy of their country men and women,” added the
Minister. The Indaba is going to try
and unearth the root causes of the underwhelming performances by the national
team and come up with solutions. “I have observed that our
approach on football, not only football but sports general is our preoccupation
with the next tournament, our preoccupation with the next match, that mindset
should change, we should reach a point where we say what are the actual causes
of the not-so-good performance particularly in football, what is the cause,”
said  Mthethwa. He added that Mzansi have had
16 coaches in two decades and the minister says the problem may not be entirely
on the coach but the system as a whole. “The team we have, I think
we have one of the best teams in Bafana Bafana, but there is some disconnect
somewhere somehow and we need to find where is this disconnect and move away
from, all the team when thing are not going well we rush to the coach, maybe
the coach is the problem  but there is
some systemic problem in our approach to football. We can’t , in the space of
two decades talking about 16 coaches, something is not right there, let’s get
to the bottom of that something that is not right,” said Mthethwa.