President Cyril Ramaphosa says that while the country has
problems, its democratic system based on a strong constitution has served South
Africa well.  Ramaphosa was speaking at the University of Johannesburg's
"25 years into our democracy conference" held at its Auckland Park
campus on Tuesday.  "We are all implicated in what is happening in our
country therefore we are all called upon to play our role in addressing
challenges," he said.  The dialogue hosted by UJ and the Mapungubwe Institute for
Strategic Reflections (MISTRA) consisted of a panel including Professor Mills
Somo, Dr Sithembile Mbete, Neil Coleman and Professor Tshilidzi Marwala.  They took turns sharing ideas on the challenges presented in
the past 25 years in a bid to pave a way forward for South Africa.  "This conference provides an opportunity to assess
progress towards the achievement of our vision of a non-racial, non-sexist,
democratic, prosperous and free society. It is a platform to identify
challenges, opportunities and tasks of the present and the future,” Ramaphosa
said during his opening address.  Mbete, a lecturer at the University of Pretoria's Department
of Political Sciences, highlighted government’s lack of implementation which
she said results in the South African "lived experience seeing no
improvement".  "You repair a ship while it’s moving and also have
people on the ship feel like their lives are improving.  "This government has been way too focused on policy and
not on administration (implementation) that is completely dysfunctional in all
levels of government,” Mbete said to applause.  The belief that job creation will alleviate poverty was
misplaced.  "Fixing unemployment is going to deal with poverty? It
does not work like this. The black middle class is one salary away from
poverty," she added.   Soko, a professor in International Business and Strategy,
said South Africa's current economic structure mirrors South Africa prior to
it’s democratic dispensation.  "The minority continue to live well, it has continued
well into the democratic dispensation with no change," he said.  The conference will close on Wednesday with closing remarks
from the Minister in the Presidency, Jackson Mthembu.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/sas-constitution-has-served-the-country-well-ramaphosa-on-sas-25-yeas-as-a-democracy-20190723