IT DIDN’T take too long forself-respecting countries to decide what to do with their coaches after a poor run at the recently concluded Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Egypt. When all the axing was taking place and future plans were being rolled out by other countries with a clear vision, the South African Football Association (Safa) were still picking their brains as to what to do with coach Stuart Baxter. Strong-minded and unwavering countries such as Cameroon, Egypt, Tanzania and Uganda did not waste time. They parted ways with coaches who failed to live up to expectations. Clarence Seedorf and Patrick Kluivert were world superstars when they turned out for the Netherlands and clubs such as Barcelona, AC Milan and Real Madrid, among many. But that didn’t matter when the Cameroon Football Federation fired the duo after a disastrous showing. Cameroon, who won the 2017 Afcon, are already building and looking forward to the next tournament in 2021. Egypt, who won in 2006, 2008 and 2010, also did not waste any time. They sacked their Mexican coach Javier Aguirre after their shocking and embarrassing loss to Bafana Bafana. I can confirm that Aguirre is back in Mexico City, enjoying his tortilla taco under a sombrero hat. Although they can’t be mentioned as powerhouses in the continent, Uganda and Tanzania had the balls to tell coaches Sebastien Desabre and Emmanuel Amunike respectively to go jump in the nearest lake after poor performances – even though not much was expected from the East African countries. Meanwhile, upon Bafana’s arrival at the OR Tambo Airport last week, Safa head of delegation Kwenza Ngwenya, told the media that they were still to discuss Baxter’s future: “We can’t now say whether the coach must continue or must go,” said the boring as hell Ngwenya. “As an employer, we have to look at many things. “Today we just came after reaching the quarterfinals. We will go back as Safa and look at many things before we decide and will also talk to the coach,” added Ngwenya, who almost sent journalists to an afternoon snooze. “At Safa, our aim is to see our teams qualifying for big tournaments, which has happened. Secondly, it will be an insult to in 2015, Bafana qualified for Afcon and were knocked out in the group stages. YOU see, that’s what’s taking the organisation backward – indecisiveness. It’s not the first time Baxter has failed us. He had a shocking 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign which saw SA finishing rock-bottom in their group. We forgave him. Last week, he arrived from the Afcon beating his chest about how the team has improved and how he got messages from Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho after the Egypt win. I’m sure both Mourinho and Wenger have seen flukes in their career, but the difference is that they know when it’s a fluke and won’t brag about it. Baxter’s attitude is condescending and his relationship with the media has reached a point of no return. If he’s kept at the job going forward, the working relation will be one hell of a nightmare. He has become hostile and talks down to reporters, instead of answering direct questions.Members of the media feel disrespected and are firing on all cylinders. This whole mess will not suit anyone. Baxter should do the honourable thing and resign. He has a lot of job offers, doesn’t he?