GAUTENG Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi has vowed not to fix a
school burnt down by protestors! This morning Lesufi tweeted photos of a burnt down Katlehong
Primary School in the east of Joburg. He tweeted: “People of Katlehong, this is what is left of
Katlehong Primary School because the community is protesting against lack of
electricity. This is completely unacceptable. Forget it if you think we will
fix it! You will see to finish.”   The school was apparently by people protesting against power
cuts in the area. “You can’t destroy
services while looking for services. That’s being foolish,” said Mzansi’s angry
people on social media. “They will be
accommodated at nearby schools. Fortunately, our primary schools around that
area are not overcrowded,” added Lesufi on his twitter account. Katlehong residents have been complaining about power cuts
for a long time. Yesterday, they decided to that to the street and blocked
all the kasi streets with rocks, burning tyres and rubbish. Resident Samkelo Ndlovu (40) said: “We’ve been without
electricity for a long time and all our cries have fallen on deaf ears. Its
winter and we are suffering. We need to be heard,” he said. He said that he didn’t know how the school was burnt. “But all I can say is that this protest won’t stop until we
get what we want,” he said. Nombuso Zwane (51) said: “My grandchildren are suffering.
They must bath with cold water when going to school. It’s unfair,” she said. She said they had to sleep early because of the coldness at
night. “I don’t approve the burning of the school, but our
government needs to start hearing us before we resort to violence. We are not
complaining about this for the first time, but we’ve never been heard,” she
said. Ekurhuleni spokesman Themba Radebe told Daily Sun that the
power outages were as a result of illegal connections and tampering with power
lines. He said that he haven’t received a formal memorandum from
the residents but their complaints was going to be looked at. Cop spokesman Captain Mega Ndobe told Daily Sun that a case
of arson has been opened. "The investigation is continuing but no one has been
arrested yet," he said. 