The Freedom Front Plus (FF Plus) says its appeal to the
Electoral Commission of South Africa (IEC) to have Black First Land First (BLF)
deregistered as a political party has been successful.  FF Plus leader Pieter Groenewald announced this in a
statement on Monday morning.  "The commission ruled that the BLF is indeed excluding
membership of the party based on race and that it has been deregistered as a
political party," Groenewald said.  The FF Plus' case against the BLF stems from its
constitution that only allows black people to join the party.  The BLF's constitution states: "Any black person who
has reached the age of 18; accepts the politics, ideological perspective and
constitution of the BLF; joins a branch of the organisation and is prepared to
work actively in it as part of the branch collective; is committed to honouring
the organisation's resolutions and decisions; accepts the organisation's policy
perspectives; commits herself/himself to being a disciplined member and is
willing to pay the necessary membership fees may become a member of the
BLF."  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/just-in-ff-plus-claims-victory-as-andile-mngxitamas-blf-delisted-as-political-party-20190715 Section 16 (1)(c) of the Electoral Commission Act states
that the chief electoral officer may not register a party if, among other
things, that party "indicates that persons will not be admitted to
membership of the party or welcomed as supporters of the party on the grounds
of their race, ethnic origin or colour".  Groenewald said the IEC initially insisted that the BLF had
not contravened the law, as its constitution referred to an ideology rather
than race.   Mngxitama said the party was studying the decision and would
respond later in full.  "Our immediate response is that blackness is
criminalised in South Africa," he added.  The IEC confirmed its ruling in a press statement.  It defended the original decision to approve the BLF's
registration in 2016 as it said the BLF's constitution did not expressly
exclude white people from membership.  However, subsequent admissions by the BLF in its response to
the appeal had served to clarify the position of the party – namely, to exclude
white people from membership, reads the statement.  "This admission settles any ambiguity in relation to
clause 4 that previously existed. It also resolves the dispute as to whether
the BLF is a party with a constitution that entitles it to registration: It is
not," reads the finding.  The IEC has written to the appellants and affected parties
to inform them of the decisions. 