A growing number of South Africans are using a local app to get their groceries delivered to their door. You can order your fresh groceries, liquor or medicine from Woolworths, Pick n Pay, Dis-chem and Clicks for only R45 and receive it in an hour or less through the Zulzi platform. Launched in 2016, Zulzi deliveries groceries to consumers in suburbs of Johannesburg, and Cape Town. After a customer orders groceries through the Zulzi application on the iOS and Android platform, a Zulzi contracted buyer acquires the products. A driver picks up the groceries from the buyer and delivers it to the customer’s doorstep. Customers can monitor the entire process through the application in real time. Orders can also be scheduled to fit customers' needs.  Zulzi founder Vutlharhi Donald Valoyi told Business Insider that the platform now processes over 15,000 orders a month, and has more than 50,000 registered users. Valoyi, the former head of software architecture at FNB, said he started Zulzi after being frustrated about the amount of time he lost shopping in stores.  “Zulzi was always about giving people back their time so that they can spend it with the people they love and doing things they love the most,” Valoyi told Business Insider South Africa. “You can now give your wife or husband an hour-long massage instead of pushing trolleys.” When it started, Zulzi made use of Uber and Taxify drivers, but now all Zulzi drivers and buyers are contracted by the platform. Zulzi contractors earn an average of R8,000 a month, Valoyi said.  Zulzi got its name from the isiZulu word “zuzile”, which means “to achieve something”. It was awarded the best breakthrough app and people’s choice app at the MTN app awards in 2017. Other successful South African companies such as delivery service Wumdrop and payment platform SnapScan have also previously been awarded at the MTN app awards. Valoyi said the company plans to expand to Pretoria and Durban by the end of August, and is working closely with retailers to help them connect and learn from customers. He hopes retailers will use the convenience of Zulzi instead of building their own e-retail platforms.