The Delft Community Policing Forum says the community wants the
acting station commander to be removed from office, amid a fatal shooting that
saw a police officer killed and two others injured. A police officer, 32, was killed and two other colleagues seriously
injured when an unknown man shot at their vehicle in Spekboom Street in the
early hours of Sunday morning. Five minutes later, a second patrol vehicle that responded to the
shooting, was also shot at by the same suspect outside a Spar in Sandelhout Street.
Three other police officers fired back, injuring the shooter. The man, 24, was arrested and is under police guard. Delft CPF chairperson Pastor Charles George told News24 on Sunday
that the community has had enough, and had protested the removal of the acting
station commander on Friday already. "We feel that the station commander is not equipped to deal
with the crime in Delft at the moment, the management is not equipped to deal
with the crime... and the crime is not subsiding it is getting worse by
day." He said they met with the area's cluster commander following the
shooting and tabled a few demands - the first one being the removal of the
acting station commander. He said they also want the entire management
structure to be revamped. "We need a new sheriff in town, we need someone that can be
hard on crime and hard on these criminals because, at the moment, these
criminals are taking all of us just for a joke," he said. National Police Commissioner General Khehla Sitole meanwhile vowed
to stop at nothing following the arrest in connection with the murder on
Sunday. The shooting comes three days after the army was finally seen in
surrounding Cape Flatssuburbs. The army is assisting with rolling joint
operations for 60 days in ten dangerous precincts in the city. On Friday, IOL reported that residents of Blikkiesdorp in Delft
embarked on a violent protect action in Delft in a bid to draw attention to the
high level of crime, poverty and unemployment. According to the SABC, the protesters burnt tyres and stoned
vehicles which saw several roads being closed. SANDF soldiers were seen in Delft later on Friday after the
protest.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/criminals-are-taking-us-for-a-joke-cape-town-community-demands-new-station-head-after-cop-killing-20190721 