JOZI’s homeless people are happy the biting cold days will soon be over. But for now they have to cope with the unrelenting icy conditions. Yesterday, temperatures dropped to just five degrees. By 8am many of those living in Melville were still snuggled in their tattered blankets on pavements. “It was really cold last night,” said Themba Mkhize (23). “I will only get up when the sun is out properly.” Mary Gillet-de Klerk, from the organisation Services for the Homeless, told Daily Sun there were more than 100 000 homeless people in Joburg and News24 recently reported on their plight. Rissik Street is home to Sihle Sikhakhane, from Aliwal North in the Eastern Cape. “I was left with just my younger sister and gogo when my father died. We survived on her pension,” he said. He thought their woes would be over when a family friend told him a construction company in Joburg was looking for labourers and gave him the address. “It sounded like the real deal that would change our situation. But then I discovered there was no such a job, or even such a company. “The address was of an old building in the CBD. The phone number didn’t work,” he said. He said he would love to have the job for which he came to Joburg. “If I can get work maybe I could find a way to go home. I can’t go back like this,” he said. At the moment he ekes out a living by guarding cars and uses public toilets to keep clean. Thamsanqa Langa, from Pietermaritzburg, sleeps at the Bree Taxi Rank with several other homeless people. “When I came here in 2017 I found a job with a construction company. But when the seven-month contract ended I didn’t have anywhere else to go. “I started drinking. I couldn’t afford to pay my rent, so I had to sleep anywhere I could find a spot. I’m hooked on nyaope now but I’m trying to quit,” he said. “I don’t want to go back home as a failure. I came here to start a new life and to be something.” Nosipho Buthelezi, also from KZN, sleeps at the taxi rank as well. She has been living on the streets since 2010. “I’ve been raped and beaten. I’ve had to surrender to any ill treatment the streets give me,” she said. “I live day-by-day. I sleep here in an old blanket. We make our beds from cardboard boxes and old plastic.” She spends her days hustling. “When I get sick I wait until I get better. I don’t have an ID.” Sthembiso Mdluli lived with his mum in a shack in Springs, Ekurhuleni. “Life became tough when my mother died. I never knew my father. When my gogo was admitted to an old age home in 2007 I came here,” said Sthembiso. He lived on the streets until he moved into the Turning Point shelter in Brixton. When it closed down in 2014 he found himself back on the streets. He survives on piece jobs and eats at a soup kitchen organised by a church in Braamfontein. “I’m thankful I haven’t become hooked on drugs. I see how they harm people and I still want to do something with my life,” he said.