STELLENBOSCH FC goal ace Iqraam Rayners is itching to get the 2019-20 Absa Premiership season started. The 23-year-old from Mitchell’s Plain was prolific in the National First Division (NFD) over the past two seasons for the Stellies, netting 30 goals. He finished last season as the top goal scorer in Mzansi’s second division with 19 goals, three shy of Phumulele “Ace” Bhengu’s record of 22 goals. Rayners will now set his sights on emulating this past season’s PSL top goal scorer, Black Leopards striker Mwape Musonda as one of the few player to have won the golden boot in the NFD and PSL in consecutive seasons. Musonda netted 15 goals for Lidoda Duvha in the 2017-18 NFD season as they went to win promotion via the play-offs. The Zambian continued where he had left off, scoring 16 more goals in the top flight the following season to bag the golden boot. Rayners, who is expected to lead the line for newly promoted Stellies, is also hoping for a seamless transition in his debut season in the PSL. “I’m excited and can’t wait to get started,” said Rayners. “This is what we worked so hard for last season. We have to make it count. “It won’t be easy, but I’m determined to make my mark in my first season in the PSL. “I’m a striker, so my main objective is to score goals.” Stellies have bolstered their squad as they prepare for their maiden season in the PSL. They have snapped up Waseem Isaacs after his impressive season with the relegated Ubuntu Cape Town, scoring 13 goals to finish second in the scoring charts behind Rayners. “Waseem is a very good striker and I think we will push each other hard next season,” said Rayners. “It’s good to have healthy competition in the team in every position. It will make us a stronger side and help us challenge.” The Cape Winelands-team have also added young full back Zimo Brenner, Dillian Solomons as well as Dutch goalkeeper Boy de Jong to their books. They are now looking to sign former Kazier Chiefs defender Morgan Gould in their attempts to add some top flight experience to their team.