ONYEDIKACHI Nkosinathi Ononogbu is delighted to be part of the Bafana Bafana squad that will play Lesotho in the Chan qualifiers for the Ethiopia 2020 championships. Under-23 mentor, David Notoane, is taking charge of the senior national team that will do duty in the Chan. On Thursday, he announced a23-player squad which is expected to gather for camp early this week to begin preparations for the first leg of the qualifiers. The first leg will be played in Lesotho’s Setsoto Stadium on 28 July with the return leg scheduled for 4 August in Joburg. The winner of the two-legged fixture will progress to the third and final round, with the first and second legs taking place from 20 September. The notable absentee in coach Notoane’s U-23 squad was Mamelodi Sundowns speedy winger Phakamani Mahlambi. Recently, at Cosafa Cup in Durban, Mahlambi was booted out of the U-23 team after allegations that he reported to camp under the influence of alcohol. But the coach has introduced the talented 21-year-old Ononogbu who is plying his trade in the NFD for Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila. Born of a Nigerian father, Ononogbu is eligible to play for Mzansi, he has a South African mum as he was born and raised in Ivory Park, Midrand. The midfield maestro will be making his debut at national team level and is looking forward to donning thegreen-and-gold Mzansi colours with pride. When contacted by SunSport after the squad’s announcement, a surprised Ononogbu said this was an opportunity he has been waiting for. “Representing your national team is something huge which I have been dreaming of. This is an opportunity I need to grab with both hands, be part of this setup and qualify for the Olympics.” The player added: “Early this year, I missed out when the team played in the Olympics qualifiers against Angola but I told myself ‘it’s not over, there’s still a chance’. Giving up was never an option. Here I am today.” The soft-spoken lad joined Tshakhuma last year from the ABC Motsepe side Baberwa FC. In his first season in the NFD, he has attracted interest from Absa Premiership sides SuperSport United and Baroka FC.