Standard Bank is using their digital
capabilities to give you a better customer experience with easier and cheaper
banking. Standard Bank is introducing a R4.95p/m bank account
called MyMo. Your MyMo bank account can be opened on your
phone and includes data and airtime offerings and other benefits such as virtual
and Gold physical card. MyMo is an account for everyone, whether you just landed your first job or have been
around the block. With no documentation required it only takes a few minutes to
open the account on the Standard Bank APP. Lindy-Lou Alexander, Head of Marketing Personal
and Business Banking, says: “For just R4 .95 a month
customers will be able to enjoy free swipes and ATM withdrawals at only R6.50
for amounts under R 1 000. MyMo account holders will also enjoy the
convenience of a cheque account through a Visa and Mastercard gold card at competitive
rates.” The MyMo account is the only account that
gives you talk time and data offerings.  Once
the account is open, users can choose to either receive R50 in airtime or 500MB
of data a month if their card is swiped more than four times a month. A further
megabyte of data is loaded on the account for every R20 spent. As a MyMo account holder, it won’t cost you
any data when using the Standard Bank APP as APP transactions are zero rated
across all networks. MyMo also allows account holders to open one
or multiple virtual cards that can be loaded with funds for you or family
members to make online purchases, order food online or pay for ride sharing
fees. Paying on the move? MyMo account holders can
also make purchases using SnapScan using their Virtual Card! MyMo also offers users added security for
just R1 p/m. Standard Bank will inform clients via SMS of any activity on their
account, debit orders or suspicious transactions. Debit orders can also be
disputed or queries using the Mobile APP. Feautures of the MyMo account include: Account
opened instantly on the Standard Bank APP -You
can deposit money into your account -Buy
electricity -Buy
airtime or data when you need to top up -Make
payments -Create
a virtual card and buy online as soon as you are ready -Buy
using SnapScan, just link your virtual card -You
can even pay by debit order Free
Data -The
more you swipe, the more data you get. You get an additional 1MB for every R20
you spend -R50
talktime or 500mb of data per month after 4 card swipes Through
our extensive ATM network, customers can withdraw cash for as little as R6.50. -If
you are at an ATM and you have forgotten your pin, you can simply view it on
your app To
make this account more affordable, we have reduced the fees that matter most to
customers ...You can do most of your day to day banking for under R5 -Monthly
fee = R4.9 -Make
electronic payments for R1.5 -Debit
order for R3.50 You’re
safe . . . we will notify you of any activity on your account for R1 a month -If
it so happens that your account is debited without your permission, we will
notify you and you can reverse the debit order from the comfort of your own
home.    