FREE State cops are dragging their feet in probing former premier Ace Magashule for allegedly withholding information about a top official’s death. Roy Jankielsohn, a member of the Free State legislature, on Monday told the Zondo Commission it had been two years since he laid charges against Magashule, now ANC secretary-general. Jankielsohn said there was a culture of fear in the Free State that anyone who spoke against corruption faced death. Jankielsohn said Magashule’s failure to report the matter to the police did not ease fears. “If a premier stands up and says someone has been poisoned and fails to give additional information and lays charges, it adds to this fear.” He said he had tried several times to get a response from the police about the investigation but nothing had come of it. “It’s not like there’s no evidence. You just have to do a post mortem to determine whether this, in fact, took place,” he said. He was testifying about the Estina dairy farm project that was meant to benefit locals but ended up benefiting the Gupta family. He said local people were sidelined from the beginning of the project. Jankielsohn said: “The beneficiaries are the most important people in this project. “They are the ones who were supposed to make a livelihood from this project.” He said the Free State government set aside R342 million over three years for the project. He said the contract was cancelled in August 2014. The agreement was that R106 million would be paid to Estina on cancellation. But he found that Estina was paid R136 million instead. Jankielsohn said he asked the legislature about the R30 million discrepancy but did not get answers. He said he learnt from the media it was used to pay for the Gupta wedding. He said government still continued to pump R20 million a year into the project. Jankielsohn claimed Philemon Ngwenya‚ was a disappointed “beneficiary”, was killed for allegedly criticising the project. He said an official, Moses Chauke, was kidnapped, tortured and murdered for allegedly questioning payments to Estina.