HE WAS tired of pleading for handouts from his family. So he decided to use his God-given weapon to help women in need. He now makes a good living – but there is one condition. “I won’t get married!” he said. Mbijane Mbatha (38) from the Joburg CBD told Daily Sun: “I’m happy being a single magosha.” “Some of the women I help with their sexual needs want to leave their men to be with me full-time. They want my hand in marriage. That would mean I have to stop my work and focus on them. No ways!” Mbijane said being married would make him a house husband who relies on a wife. “I don’t want to be in that situation.” He charges only R600 per service and is happy with the money he makes monthly. “But I don’t know what to do. These women keep telling me I won’t ever have to worry about money,” he said. Mbijane said one woman who owns a business said he can have as much money as he wants once they are together. “A second woman said she can get me a job that will pay me well,” he said. “I know that when you depend on someone, the day they are not happy with you they will throw you in the bin.” He said the two who have been clients for more than three years wanted him because he was good in bed. “The one woman is married, the other is in a serious relationship but they both said they are being robbed in bed. I’m good and they want it every day,” he said. “Five of my married clients have asked to marry me.” Daily Sun spoke to some of the clients. Mumsy Sibiya (40) said: “Mbijane helps me with things.” She wouldn’t say what those things are. Asked about her proposal to Mbijane, she said: “I don’t want to talk about my love life with Mbijane.” Zandile Mavundla (43) said: “Mbijane and I have known each other for about three years. I proposed a relationship and a marriage with him because he knows how to take care of my sexual needs.” Lizzy Shabalala (44) said she was told about Mbijane by her friend who left for Cape Town and she doesn’t regret calling him. Mbijane’s brother Philani Mbatha (42) said: “I can’t judge him. He needed to make a living.” Flatmate and friend Siyabonga Ngubane (30) said: “Every day I see two or three women coming to his room. It’s his work. As long as he’s happy, there’s nothing I can say.”