A large number of celebrities may appear flawless, but underneath the make up, many of them live with ongoing acne – just like us. Just last week Metro FM’s Relebogile spoke about her struggles with Aczema, now Lady Zamar is speaking out. READ: RELEBOGILE REVEALS SHE SUFFERS FROM ECZEMA AND ACNE The songstress, Lady Zamar shared a heartfelt post on social media as Twitter users started to wonder about her skin. This follows a post that producer, Prince Kaybee shared of the two of them in studio working on new music. The image set social media abuzz, asking Lady Zamar what is wrong with her skin. In response, the collide hitmaker said we all have flaws, if not external internal! “if the flaw isn’t external it’s internal but I won’t stop living coz it could have been worse” She goes further to explain that she is grateful that it is just acne. Flawless is an ideal we as human beings don’t possess.. but I’ve always said, flaws are what make us who we are.. Strong, resilient,determined and ultimately beautiful ?????? If you’ve met me you know I believe everyone is beautiful in their own way.. I look for goodness in everyone and any situation... I believe we can as a human race. I’m not perfect, if the flaw isn’t external it’s internal but I won’t stop living coz it could have been worse. I am grateful that it’s just acne and I’m grateful I can wake up every day to fight this battle for my skin back.. I will inspire thousands to feel good about themselves not by changing of faking it but by living and fighting the battle every day, by not giving up and not backing down. Together we can, as individuals we can, by Gods grace we can. Thank you to everyone who helps fight the littles battles every day so we can in our own corners, in our own lives, win the war and live spectacular lives?? I am the Monarch and this is my story every day against different obstacles and battles. Living royal, living in service and being an example either by my own will or not.. ??The African Superstar?? A post shared by  MONARCH???? (@lady_zamar) on Jul 17, 2019 at 1:51am PDT 