Beauty blogs and YouTube channels are booming in South Africa and seem to be getting a lot of traction as well. Here I will share with you some of the affordable products that you can find at a pharmacy or some retail stores that I also use myself. Don't be confused by the thousands of products on the shelves. From eyelash curlers to Real Techniques brushes, there are so many makeup tools on the market that it can be tough to figure out exactly what you need in your makeup kit. As a beginner you also don't want to waste a lot of money on products that you will later realize you are are not a fan of because you will have to test and decide if something works for you. Following a YouTube channel with someone you can relate to and has the same skin tone as you might also be helpful. Moisturizer and Primer Great makeup begins with great skincare. Prep your skin with a tandem slathering of moisturizer and primer. The duo will ensure a flawless base that keeps makeup in place all day. - Maybelline Baby Skin Instant Pore Eraser 22ml R99,95 Concealer and Foundation Beginners can eliminate the risk of caked-on foundation by adding concealer to their kit. L.A. Girl's creaseless formula camouflages imperfections, allowing you to use less foundation. When paired with Makeup Forever’s HD Invisible Cover Foundation, no one will be able to tell where your skin ends and the makeup begins. - L.A Girl Pro Cover Foundation R175 - LA Girl Pro concealer R60 Eyebrows Among the most important features on your face: the eyebrows. Use the Ultimate Brow Kit Ash Brown from Wet and Wild and is also a beginner favorite as it’s easy to apply and smudge proof or a brow pencil. - Wet n Wild Ultimate Brow Kit Ash Brown R 54,95 Mascara As a beginner there’s really no need to fiddle around with applying false lashes. with a few swipes of Mybelline’s Lash Sensational Mascara to add dramatic length. - Maybelline Lash Sensational Mascara R 159,95 Brushes and Tools In order to put apply your makeup properly you’ll need to use the right tools. The Beauty blender is perfect for effortlessly blending foundations, blush, and concealer. For precise eyemakeup and dusting on powders reach for a good quality brush set. - Iconix 12 Piece Metallic Cosmetic Makeup Brushes Set R199.00 - The Body Shop Beauty Blender Sponge - R 60 Eyeshadow Palette If you’re experimenting with eyeshadows, Beauty Treats palettes are perfect for you. They offer a range of everyday nudes, plus a hint of bright colors to play around with. - BEAUTY TREATS 24 ROSE GOLD PALETTE R99.95   