BANYANA Banyana Star Thembi Kgatlane has had little rest since her Fifa World Cup expedition. But nothing can keep her from doing what she loves the most, inspiring the kids. The reigning Caf Women Footballer of the Year has joined LaLiga in their football development activities, sharing her experiences and life-story with primary school pupils. LaLiga have handed over 1 000 free balls to primary schools within the townships of Meadowlands and Zola. In partnership with the KwaMahlobo Festive Games, the Spanish professional football league are once again demonstrating their commitment to giving back to local communities. “It’s heart-warming to see the kids of Sivelile Primary come out in numbers in chilly conditions to welcome LaLiga and its partners to their school,” said Kgatlana. “The excitement on their faces was what really caught my emotions, as my career also started with a single ball shared amongst friends. “This is a great initiative by LaLiga and its partners to bring development and privileges to the kids of Soweto.” A partner of Safa, LaLiga is serious about grassroots football development in South Africa and the greater African continent. The international organisation earmarks around 2% of its impressive annual turnover for social responsibility and development initiatives. These include workshops for coaches and involvement in the Future Champions project – where promising U17 players and up-and-coming coaches from Gauteng receive the life-changing opportunity to travel overseas and experience first-hand the best in European football and training support. The football heavyweight has a further dedicated #Passtheball charity initiative where thousands of soccer balls are donated to underprivileged children. Ruan-Cavallari Van Der Walt, LaLiga’s CSI #Passtheball Project Coordinator, explains, “The donation of balls, clothing and equipment galvanise interest in football among the youth. “Even if these kids don’t pursue the game as a profession, playing football encourages the personal development of mind and body. This form of upliftment opens doors to more opportunities and a better future for young South Africans as well as their communities.”