 Former
president Jacob Zuma has alluded that there are spies in the ANC. Speaking to
his supporters after his testimony at the Zondo commission into state capture
on Monday, Zuma said three intelligence organisations had conspired to
assassinate his character because he knew too much about their spies in the
party. “I thought
it was important to explain why I have been a subject of attack. A plan by
three intelligence organisations. I did not mention them. I’m waiting [for a]
rainy day. These three sat down and planned how to finish me off through
character assassination. They said, when I used my way, I know too much about
their spies in the ANC. They don’t know when I will use my knowledge to stop
those spies from becoming leaders of the ANC,” he said. Zuma added
that he thought it was time that he spoke the truth. On Monday,
former president Jacob Zuma, who is appearing before the state capture
commission of inquiry for the first time, named Ngoako Ramatlhodi as a spy
"who was recruited in Lesotho." He told his
supporters that during his time in the struggle for liberation of South Africa
there were some who were known to sell out for different reasons, adding that
some were recruited into the ranks of the enemy. “We
believed once we get our freedom whoever was doing wrong things, will abandon
it. That is why we were careful about people. “It seems
there is a new kind of bravery to those people. They participate in activities
that are not taking our organisations and the country forward. They might be
thinking that we have forgotten about them.” He added
that his removal as president was not an innocent move. "Our
organisation is at a critical moment in its history and not long this moment
will be unveiled so we should remain in our trenches to defend the ANC." Adding to
his conspiracy theory, Zuma explained that Askaris had taken a new and modern
form and were now using poison to assassinate people. Zuma once
told former news channel ANN7 that he had survived three poison attempts,
saying that this was a challenging time for him. “Let us be
vigilant. The enemy is still around. In the NEC meeting I’ll give more details.
I have been provoked enough and I think that must come to a stop.” SOURCE: NEWS24