BAFANA Bafana are like an abusive spouse. You’re always thinking about dumping them or kicking them to the kerb – but you never get around doing it. This because you’re always thinking about how far you come with them. You’re always reminiscing about the few and far in between romantic moments (like when they won the 1996 Afcon) that they gave you – with the hope that those days will come back one day and that the air will be polluted with roses and red balloons once again. What makes it more difficult to leave this abusive relationship is that there’s no such thing as: “move on, there’s plenty of fish in the sea and you’ll find someone who deserves you”. There’s just one Bafana and there’s no one like them. Where are you going to go if you dump them? Which other national team is going to love you back with open arms, and at the same time toy around with your feelings. Good, loving hearts always attract Bad Boys, and this is our story with our beloved Bafana Bafana. To say that they have been shocking in their opening three group matches would be a gross understatement. They have been appalling and seriously out of their depth. Bafana really played like amateurs and relied on the back door to advance to the Last 16. Coach Stuart Baxter has ran out ideas and needs a size 12 Bova boot up his buttocks. Safa are always talking about Vision 2022 but the SA squad is one of the oldest – age average wise – at the tournament. Safa House needs new occupants, the current leaders have failed us, it’s as simple as that. The entire playing personnel have no hunger, no vision, and no ambition – they need to vamoos too. Let’s start again and find new players. The likes of Thulani Hlatshwayo, Kamohelo Mokotjo, Buhle Mkhwanazi, Sifiso Hlanti and Lebo Mothiba have tried, but were just not good enough. Having said all this, we are going to stay in this abusive relationship because we love Bafana...but we can easily and immediately dump the coach, the players and the admin office like a cheating spouse.