LIKE a schoolboy excited about a school trip, Tendai “Beast” Mtawarira spent the last four years thinking about the Rugby World Cup. After all, that is the one medal missing from his array of accolades in a career spanning 11 years, now. Though he turns 34 next month, Mtawarira harbours no thoughts of retiring. But this could be the best chance the Springboks prop has of laying his hands on the glittering Web Ellis trophy. Mtawarira is in camp preparing for the opening Rugby Championship showdown with the Wallabies at Ellis Park Stadium on Saturday. The annual four-team tourney, which also features the All Blacks and Argentina, will precede the 2019 Rugby World Cup in Japan in September. “I’m super excited to be in the team. For the last four years I’ve been thinking about the World Cup,” said Mtawarira. “It’s a big occasion this year. For myself is all about giving my mind, body and soul to the Springboks, and showing up for every single game. “Winning the World Cup is everything. It’s something I’ve worked hard for my whole career. Being part of a successful World Cup team would be everything to me. Right now, that’s all I’m thinking of... to work harder than ever and pull great performances and really contribute to the success of this team going forward.” Despite the loss of Aphiwe Dyantyi, injuries have been rather kind to Boks coach Rassie Erasmus this time around. And Mtawarira reckons this augurs well for their plans to claim their first Rugby Championship in 10 years. Meanwhile, Bok assistant coach Matt Proudfoot has confirmed no replacement will be called for Dyantyi as they have sufficient cover in the squad. “Aphiwe injured his hamstring in training on Friday. He will see a specialist today to get an update on that,” said Proudfoot. “We will phase him back later in the tournament, depending on what the specialist advises. “But he is definitely out for the start of the Championship.” Erasmus’ squad regrouped in Joburg on Sunday to continue preparations for the test against Australia. Erasmus will announce his match-day squad tomorrow.