About 14 pupils from Masonwabe
Primary School in Delft were rushed to the hospital after they fainted in one
of the classrooms. Parents alleged that the incident
is linked to some witchcraft happening at the school. Cops and the paramedics had to be
called to monitor the situation as other kids were treated on the scene. Teachers had to sing and pray as
they attempted to chase away the evil spirits haunting their school. The
Western Cape Department of Education spokesperson Bronagh Hammond said it is
not yet clear of what transpired. “Parents have come to the school to
collect their children. Some community members are claiming that this is a
result of witchcraft. We are appealing to the community to remain calm – right
now our priority is to ensure that all learners are safe and that those needing
medical attention are seen to.  We await
more information from medical professionals as to symptoms and reasons for
their alleged ill-health,” said Hammond. A grade six learner who witnessed
the incident said: “A girl from my class got in class during the first period
and she screamed saying she is having a headache, we laughed at her because we
thought she was playing games with us. “She was about to fall down when
the teacher quickly took her to the other class, while the teacher was still
outside another learner who was seated screamed and many other learners started
screaming,” said the learner. Teachers had to stop teaching as
they started praying while waiting for cops and ambulances to arrive. Parents said they are terrified by
the incident and others say they will not bring their children back till the
cause of the fainting has been identified. “I’m not going to risk the life of
my girl to come back to this school until I know what really cause the
fainting,” said Nozipho Blom. Another parent who refused to be named
said she will not bring her child to school, but she will go with him to a
sangoma first. “This school needs some cleansing
and I will have my child get some help from our family sangoma tomorrow before
he set his feet here again,” she said.