EVERY culture has their way of preserving food. This was done in the olden days to ensure that people would have enough food during the dry season or in winter when food was scarce. People then did not have the kind of appliances we currently have to store food so preserving the little food they had was important to their survival. Although some methods are from ancient times, they are still relevant today. Many forms of food preservation have been handed down from one generation to another. These methods are employed to slow down spoilage and in some cases, stop them from taking place altogether. In the SeTswana culture, crops such as morogo (spinach), mmopo (mielies), marotse (melons) and dinawa (beans) that were planted and matured during the rainy seasons would be harvested when they were ready. Some were cooked, dried, packed and stored for the dry season. In XiTsonga, Xivhenda and sePedi culture, foods that are mostly preserved include peanuts, morogo, mosonja (mopani worms) peas, majenjhe (termites), thongolifha (dried beetles) and delele (slippery muroho), to mention just a few. Types of food preservation Canning is the application of heat to food in containers and maintenance of a vacuum seal during storage. The goal is to have packaged moist food that can be stored for an extended time at room temperature or without the need for refrigeration or freezing. The heating process kills micro-organisms of concern for that particular food. Salting is the preservation of food with dry edible salt. It is related to pickling in general and more specifically to brining and is one form of curing. It is one of the oldest methods of preserving food, and two historically significant salt-cured foods are salted fish like snoek fish and salt-cured meat Freezing uses very cold temperatures to stop microbial activity during storage. In addition to the cold temperature affecting microbial activity, the water in food is turned to ice and is unavailable for microorganisms to use in their metabolic activities. Pickling is the process of controlling many types of microbial activity through acidification. Pickling also significantly changes the taste and appearance of many foods. Some of our most popular condiments and side dishes are the products of pickling. Fermentation is another method of creating an acidic food to extend shelf life as well as create flavour in food. As with quick pickling, products of fermentation yield foods that do not exist naturally, such as sauerkraut made from cabbage. Dehydration, or drying, of food has long been practiced commercially in the production of spaghetti and other starch products. Smoke is both an antimicrobial and antioxidant, however it is insufficient alone for preserving food as smoke does not penetrate far enoughinto meat or fish. It is therefore typically combined with salt-curing or drying.