UNATHI Kolanisi (36) from Kabeka Park in Port Elizabeth left her cushy government job to pursue her passion. “Every lunch time, we struggled badly to find good food with my colleagues, so I took a decision to quit my job and start Unathi’s Mobile Kitchen,” Unathi told SunMoney. Following the saying that “Your problems might be your opportunity”, she seized the opportunity. And with her husband’s support, she bought a trailer, which moves around PE selling food. “Our meals are fresh and cooked on the spot, and we also have breakfast in the morning and, of course, lunch. “The business is doing well but we need all sorts of support in order to become the talk of the town here in PE.” We are talking to her about her business today because she heard about the Engen Pitch & Polish Competition and entered online. She was one of the finalists from PE who made it to the second leg of the competition taking place in Joburg. She is one of Nelson Mandela Bay entrepreneurs who showed their appetite for business knowledge and learning at the Pitch and Polish event. The event is sponsored by Engen, Nedbank and Raizcorp. Celebrating its 10th anniversary this year, the programme has worked with almost 15 000 entrepreneurs since its inception. Workshop delegates and pre-selected contestants are taken through a dynamic pitching workshop by international speaker and world-leading business pitching expert, Justin Cohen. The workshop happens in eight cities and towns across Mzansi and winners compete in further rounds. The finals take place in Joburg later this year. Justin inspired all in attendance. He said: “No matter what the economic environment, there are problems to solve and wealth to be created.” He said even in such times, there are even more opportunities as there are more problems to solve. “On average, entrepreneurs fail 3,8 times before they succeed. By cultivating a sense of optimism, you can view failures and setbacks as an opportunity to learn and then move on,” he said. During the workshop, delegates and five pre-selected competitors were taken through eight important aspects of pitching for investment in two parts. The first half of the workshop ended with the first round of practice pitches by the five contestants. Each contestant was asked to deliver a 30-second pitch as a base point to measure against their final competition pitches later in the day. The five contestants were: