TEN women have quickly swooped up the R5 000 dinner ticket
to possibly become the fifth Mrs Musa Mseleku. The Sunday Tribune reports that by Tuesday afternoon, the
event whose poster has been doing the rounds on social media, was sold out. There had been mixed reactions to the event poster with
reality TV star polygamist Musa Mseleku photo. It read “an exclusive candlelit dinner with Musa Mseleku
exclusive to only 10 women,” It does not mention a venue but that the dinner will be on
Friday 19 July. Businessman Mseleku has become a celebrity of note and
admired by many women since his TV show Uthando Nesthembu debuted on Mzansi
Magic in 2017 featuring his four wives MaCele, MaNgwabe, MaKhumalo and MaYeni. Sunday Tribune speaks quotes the event organiser Sihle Seleke
who says the idea arose from the messages Mseleku received daily on social
media from women wishing to spend time with him. “This event is giving a platform to women who are constantly
sending him inboxes, constantly sending private messages asking to meet him,
asking for intimacy from him, who genuinely want to have a one on one with
him,” said Seleke. “Women desperately want to see this man, they see themselves
as part of his life.” According to Seleke the R5 000 will cover venue costs,
dinner, activities for the evening as well as Mseleku’s appearance fee. All those who have made it to his table will receive further
instruction on a pick up location, but the venue will only be revealed on the
night of the event. Though many are under the impression that a lucky hopeful
will bag Mseleku on the night, Seleke stressed that it was not guaranteed that
he would pick a potential partner at the dinner. “It’s not an event where he is going to choose number 5.
It's not like Bachelor SA, he will only dine with these women.” she said. “If it happens at the event that he meets someone and they
click and they start dating, that is their personal business.” Mseleku tells the paper that he appreciates for the love
shown by those who wished to dine with him and said it was unexpected. “I never thought it would happen. I definitely will be there
and we will have a beautiful night,” he said. 