PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa will launch
an urgent judicial review of the public protector’s which found that he had
violated his Ethic Code.  In an address to the nation on Sunday
evening from the Union Buildings, Ramaphosa said his move should not to be seen
in any way as undermining the office of the public protector.  Ramaphosa said rather by launching the
judicial review application, he wants to protect the integrity of the office he
occupies.  He stressed it was a matter of concern
that an office of such Constitutional consequence as that of the Public
Protector should make findings of such a nature against the Head of State.  It was essential, he reasoned, that
all investigations to make such findings are based on fact and that they have a
sound legal basis.  Further he said, the findings, must be
rational and that they have been arrived at through a fair, impartial and
lawful process.  “The findings are very serious. They
allege the conduct that cannot and should not be taken lightly.  Unfortunately, the report released by
the Public Protector fails to satisfy these crucial requirements.  “After careful study, I have concluded
that the report is fundamentally and irretrievably flawed,” he announced.  Public Protector Advocate Busisiwe
Mkhwebane in her findings released on Friday, found that Ramaphosa violated his
Ethics Code and recommended that he should be criminally investigated.  Ramaphosa argued that according to his
legal advice, the report contained numerous factual inaccuracies of a material
nature.  “The findings are wrong in law, are
irrational and, in some instances, exceed the scope of the powers of the Public
Protector.  “Furthermore, in failing to provide me
with an opportunity to comment on proposed remedial action, the Public
Protector has violated provisions of the Public Protector Act, the Constitution
and principles of common law,” he said.  Ramaphosa revealed that even though he
knew about the donations that were being made to his campaign, he didn’t know
the intricate details of who was donating or how much.  He said this was a conscious decision
taken by his campaign managers who had used the money for travelling, meeting
rooms and rallies.  “My decision to seek a judicial review of the
report should not be seen as a comment on the person, competence or motives of
the Public Protector, but is motivated instead by a determination that the law
should be applied correctly and consistently