 Former mineral resources minister Ngoako Ramatlhodi has challenged
former president Jacob Zuma to provide proof that he was ever an apartheid spy. On Monday, Zuma, who is appearing before the state capture commission of
inquiry for the first time, named Ramatlhodi as a spy "who was recruited
in Lesotho", drawing gasps from the public gallery. Zuma twice referred to Ramatlhodi's own comments to the commission in
November last year, when he accused Zuma of having "auctioned" the
country to the Gupta family. When contacted by News24, Ramatlhodi was hesitant to comment at first
and said he would wait until Zuma had finalised his testimony at which stage he
would apply to cross-examine him. But when pushed, he denied ever being a spy and said he was "very
much ready" to subject himself to a lie detector test – and would
challenge Zuma to do the same. "It will not go uncontested. He must prove it. If he is alleging
it, he must prove it. I have never been a spy anywhere. I don't want to be
speaking about this thing in the media," he said. "I want him to do his thing, I am going to put him through a lie
detector and I am going to go through the lie detector before the commission -
both of us," Ramatlhodi said. "There is technology today that can deal with these things. I am
ready. I am very much ready," he added. Ramatlhodi said Zuma was "angry with me for telling the truth"
and that Zuma himself must have been a spy if he was one. Zuma alluded to the fact that he knew that Ramatlhodi was an alleged spy
for some time, but remained silent on this and worked with him. Ramatlhodi had
even served in the office of OR Tambo during exile in Lusaka, ANC insiders told
News24. Seemingly despite this, Zuma on three occasions appointed Ramatlhodi to
positions in his Cabinet: Deputy Minister of Correctional Services – November
2010 to May 2014; Minister of Mineral Resources – May 2014 to September 2015;
and Minister of Public Service and Administration - September 2015 to March
2017. Ramatlhodi was replaced by Mosebenzi Zwane as mineral resources
minister. He told the commission previously he had met with Zuma, who had
congratulated him and said he was promoting him to public service. Ramatlhodi described the promotion as a "punishment", saying
it was a way of sending a message.  When
he was removed, a "Gupta minister" came in, he said. SOURCE: NEWS24