THE MAJESTIC FNB Stadium turns into a battlefield when archrivals Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates lock horns tomorrow. It’s the first Soweto derby of the season. THE BLACK LABEL CUP WILL BE UP FOR GRABS – AND SO WILL THE BRAGGING RIGHTS! No one is more excited than Benny Majoro and Kagisho Moleme, who have the honour of leading their favourite teams as champion coaches. SOWETO DERBY! Fan coaches Benny Majoro and Kagiso Moleme talk to Daily Sun about the Soweto Derby. Both of these coaches hail from the Free State and they live just two hours away from each other. Majoro, a truck driver from Odendaalsrus near Welkom, will take charge of Amakhosi while Moleme from Ladybrand will be on the Bucs bench. As is always the case, both coaches can’t wait for kick-off and have backed their respective teams to emerge victorious on the day. Majoro is looking to make history by leading Chiefs to their third title of the pre-season tournament in a row. Amakhosi won the title in 2016 and 2017.  Last year the tournament took a break due to the Fifa World Cup in Russia. Majoro said: “I went from farm worker to truck driver, and I’m now champion coach all in a space of three months. “You can’t imagine how that has inspired people back home and around the country!” He said they won the previous two tournaments. “I want to make it three,” he said. “I know we didn’t do well last season, but this is a chance to change all that starting with this match.” However, Moleme has vowed to wrestle back control in this competition. Bucs have the edge over their neighbours in this competition, having won it on four occasions compared to Amakhosi’s three victories. Moleme said he started supporting the Buccaneers in 1995 when they won the Caf Champions League. “We were the first team in South Africa to win the champions league. “I remember that’s when I really fell in love with this team. “We recently launched a new kit that reminds us of those times. “I believe the team will make us happy on Saturday.”