NIGERIAN novelist, poet, professor, and critic Chinua Achebe once said; “There is that great proverb – that until the lions have their own historians, the history of the hunt will always glorify the hunter.” Perhaps Lindokuhle Shabalala is one of the few new and young writers making sure we write our own stories to glorify us as Africans. The 19-year-old from Heidelberg, south of Jozi, has just launched his book, titled Parable of the Abandoned – The Promise of Peace. The book launch was held at the Heidelberg Town Hall last Sunday. The Lesedi municipality and VW Heidelberg Motors were official sponsors of the book. Speaking to Daily Sun, Lindokuhle said: “A parable is a story seeking to touch the lives of those who have estranged themselves from their loved ones and those who have been abandoned by those who are supposed to give them love.” We live in times where young men do the most hideous of things ending up behind prison doors in the name of love. And young girls who go around knocking on stranger’s doors to receive love,” he said. The book is about two brothers Cain and Abel, who reside in the Land of Three tribes. Cain being the eldest brother, he is consumed by hate and fills fear in hearts of men, not knowing how to love or be loved he finds himself leading a gang called the Fearless Four. Those who respect him call him the mighty warrior as he’s faced death and came out stronger. Abel struggles to find balance between pain love and hate. He blames himself as his mother died giving birth to him. When his friend Nathaniel tries to rescue him from the life his brother Cain leads all his means fail, and Abel ends up giving into the notorious life and joins his brother extending the group member ship now to be called the Fearless Five. The moral of the story unfolds to teach a valuable lesson of the carelessness of abandoning loved ones. To prevent it being passed on from one generation to another learn from each other’s mistakes to handle family issues in a better way in the future. Lindokuhle started writing at the age of 15. It took him four years to complete his book.He’s currently doing first year diploma in Electrical engineering. He said:“My best interest in heart is to motivate young people to tap into their creativity,share their God-given gifts with the rest of the world”