THE EFF has accepted Solly Mapaila's invitation to meet on the streets. While addressing the media to "respond to the plan by the SACP to protest in defense of the Rogue Unit", EFF leader Julius Malema said they not scared of anyone. Mapaila had earlier today said that they would meet EFF in the streets while speaking at a media briefing held by a group of civil society organisations, under the banner "Hands Off Our Democracy, focused on confronting state capture fightback". The Communist Party leader defended Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan and the work of the controversial Sars intelligence unit. He also urged Public Protector Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane to not allow herself to be used in the state capture "fightback". “We have accepted Mapaila’s invitation to meet on the streets. “We are in Pretoria on Tuesday, they said let’s meet in the streets, let’s go. Solly Mapaila has got no capacity to organise anything, he is a coward and we will never be shaken by him. We want him with his boss Blade, Johan Rupert and Jamnadas (Pravin Gordhan),” said Malema. He said the EFF is “not here” to make friends but to protect the interests of our people”. “It’s not for the first time PP calls for President to act but now Cyril acts like he has got amnesia. We supported Pravin when we thought he was being persecuted and there was no PP report. “But now there is an investigation conducted and he is found to have violated the constitution. So people should not say we do not know where we stand. “We are going to treat Jamnadas like a constitutional delinquent,” he said. He said the office of the PP must be protected because if “we are not going to protect it then we might as well close it because it’s remedial actions are not binding, they are overlooked and people can pretend to not understand what is expected of them”. Malema said they have decided to join the case between Pravin and the Public Protector precisely because they are mentioned. “The matter will be heard at the High Court on Tuesday and we call on the fighters to come in their numbers. It’s not about Indians; Zuma, Gigaba, Nene we’re not Indians. We have gone after Africans who’ve violated the constitution. It’s not about race. Don’t violate the constitution and hide behind the race card.  Our SG Godrich Gardee is Indian so why would we be anti-Indian? It means Godrich is anti-himself, it doesn’t make sense at all.” Malema added that they don’t listen to anyone but their voters. He said Pravin’s friends are worse than Zuma, because Zuma never mobilized anyone to go into the streets and undermine the PP when found against him. 