WHILE still awaiting for the end of the first round to see if Bafana Bafana are through to the knockout stages of the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Egypt, the nation share their sentiments about their campaign so far. Bafana fell to a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Morocco at the Al Salam Stadium in the Egyptian capital in their final group match on Monday. It was their second loss of the campaign after they were downed by Ivory Coast by the same score-line before edging Southern African neighbours Namibia in their only victory. The Atlas Lions top Group D with nine points, followed by the Elephants with six. Bafana are third with three points while the Brave Warriors sit bottom without a single point. Naturally, fans have been critical of the overall performance shown by Bafana in their three games. While there are a few who believe that there is still hope for Bafana, many are convinced that Staurt Baxter’s charges will not improve from their terrible way of playing. These gatvol supporters claim the term “bunch of losers,” which former Sport minister Fikile Mbalula once used in reference to Bafana, is appreciate to describe Baxter’s team. Following the heart-breaking loss to the Atlas Lions, Bafana were left facing an anxious wait for the conclusion of the first round to learn their fate. Dipuo Nkolonyane from Soweto said: “Bunch of losers! That’s all I can say about this team.” Thokozani Mkhize from Auckland Park said: “They are lost in Egypt, they don’t know what they are doing. They must just come back home. They have embarrassed us enough.” On a more positive note, though, Thokozani Langa from Soweto said: “The boys played well, they were just unfortunate to concede so late in the game that they did not have enough time to recover.” Ntombifuthi Mavimbela from Auckland Park said: “We are too harsh on Bafana. We need to get behind the team and show a little optimism. We have called them all kinds of names, we just need to show them support and hope they perform better next time.”   