THE excitement is growing at a fast speed within the Olympic family across the world. The SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) will today launch their Road to the Tokyo 2020 Olympics where a number of top athletes and quality coaches have been invited, from all Olympic sporting codes. On Wednesday, just exactly one-year to go to the Olympic Games in Tokyo, scheduled to start on 24 July next year and end on 9 August, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach officially invited the world’s Olympic athletes to take part in the Tokyo showpiece. It has been reported that tickets to the event have been selling fast to signal the interest in the games, this is despite the extreme heat, ballooning costs and accommodation shortages. At the celebrations, Bach symbolically handed invitations to his equals from all National Olympic Committees (NOCs) of Greece, China, France, the United States of America, Senegal, Australia and Japan, as well as the Chef de Mission of the IOC Refugee Olympic Team. Among the NOCs represented were the country where the Olympic Games originated and several host countries of upcoming Games and Youth Olympic Games editions. In a statement, Bach said: “One year from now, Japan will make history. It will be a wonderful and unique moment for our gracious Japanese hosts to show the world the best of Japan: your rich history and traditions, your cutting-edge innovation, your culture of hospitality, and, of course, your love for sport.” The ceremony took place at the Tokyo International Forum, which will host weightlifting at the Olympic Games next year. It was attended by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, IOC Coordination Commission Chair John Coates, Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, and the president of the Tokyo 2020 Organising Committee, Yoshiro Mori. Mori commented: “I believe the Tokyo 2020 Games will be passed down to the next generation as an important turning point in Olympic history. It will be the second time that Tokyo hosts the Olympic and Paralympic Games, where the world is united as one, regardless of differences in nationality, race, culture or religious views. I strongly hope the younger generation who learn to respect, understand and recognise each other through the Games will play a central role in building an inclusive society.” Masa Takaya, the Olympics' spokesperson, told The Guardian that the “Tokyo 2020 has not really faced any major issues”, adding the IOC and International Paralympic Committee are “very satisfied with our preparations”. In a unique and isolated conduct, the IOC’s John Coate said visitors will be allowed to bring their own water into venues and that there will be "adequate shade when queuing for events".