The
escalating conflict between Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan and
Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane is headed for the Gauteng High Court in
Pretoria. This after
Gordhan filed an urgent application asking the court to interdict Mkhwebane's
remedial action against him and set aside her findings related to the so-called
SA Revenue Service (SARS) "rogue unit". In a
voluminous court file, consisting of a founding affidavit and supporting
annexures of more than 1 100 pages, the former Minister of Finance rejects
Mkhwebane's findings that the SARS investigative unit was illegal, that he was
aware of illegal activities the unit had undertaken and that he lied about a
meeting with a member of the Gupta family. He also
slams Mkhwebane and locates her firmly as part of the state capture project,
accusing her of ulterior political motives and bias and placing her alongside
Julius Malema's EFF in driving a campaign that seeks to remove him from office. Minister of
Public Enterprises, Pravin Gordhan, told journalists he anticipates an increase
in 'fake narratives' as corruption continues to be exposed. If this
campaign, where Mkhwebane has had her office "weaponised" - is
successful, it "would only serve to facilitate the state capture project
and activities. It also would undermine the renewal of state institutions
currently under way and will promote the interests of political proponents of
state capture". Gordhan has
recently been in the crosshairs of both Mkhwebane and the EFF. Mkhwebane has
already made an adverse finding against the minister and the EFF demanding that
Ramaphosa act against him. Proxy war This
conflict is perceived by many as a proxy war between the reformist grouping in
the ANC and the government and those resisting the curtailing of the state
capture project. The
application follows last week's release of Mkhwebane's findings of her
investigation into the SARS "rogue unit" in which she instructs
Ramaphosa to discipline Gordhan for his authorisation of the establishment of
the unit while he was SARS commissioner. She found
the unit to have been illegal, that it engaged in illegal activities and that
he lied about a meeting with a member of the Gupta family. In his
affidavit, Gordhan also seeks to convince the court that the SARS investigative
unit was established legally and within the prescripts of the law. He argues
that Mkhwebane's interpretation of the legality of the unit is unlawful,
influenced by errors in law, stunted by a lack of proper investigation and the
result of an ulterior motive. The unit,
Gordhan argues, was established in accordance with relevant statutes, including
the SARS Act, the Constitution and the National Strategic Intelligence Act, and
fell within the SARS mandate of cracking down on tax dodgers and the illicit
economy. He also
argues that Mkhwebane's logic is flawed because the unit was not established as
an intelligence service dealing with matters of national security, but
specifically to gather intelligence related to SARS' mandate. The law
provides for intelligence units if it is not engaged in matters of national
security and the SARS unit clearly was not, Gordhan contends. "Its
purpose was to fight tax evasion, illicit trade and organised crime with tax
implications. It never had anything whatsoever to do with national security. It
was never an 'intelligence service'. The Public Protector's assertion to the
contrary is thus baseless and misdirected and reveals her biased approach to
the investigation of the complaints and reliance on errors of law and fact to
come to her findings in the report." Discredited
inquiries He
criticises Mkhwebane's reliance on several discredited and disavowed inquiries
and investigations into the issue, including the Sikhakane report, the Kroon
panel and the KPMG report.  The Nugent
inquiry into SARS found that Sikhakane was used by former commissioner Tom
Moyane "to capture" and dismantle SARS, and Gordhan says this
discredits the report. The Kroon
and KPMG findings were also publicly rejected by their authors. Despite the
status of the investigations, the relevant laws and the findings of the Nugent
commission, Mkhwebane still made adverse findings about the unit and Gordhan
believes: "The inference is irresistible that she is wilfully blinded by
her determination to make an adverse finding regardless of verifiable facts and
a clear legal position." He also
rejects her finding that he lied about meeting a member of the Gupta family. Gordhan
asks the court to urgently interdict the remedial action Mkhwebane demanded,
pending the review of the report. If the
court fails to grant the application, he could suffer irreparable harm to his
reputation and function as a minister because of the ramifications of any
potential censure. He also
asks the court to award a personal and punitive cost order against Mkhwebane to
deter her from using public funds in her "unlawful conduct". "Once
again, she has demonstrated that she is unfit to hold the Office of Public
Protector. She continues to ignore her constitutional mandate, act without
regard to the provisions of the law and seemingly in service to some other
motive or agenda. Her conduct is the latest example of her now lengthy history
of acting incompetently, unlawfully, unconstitutionally, unfairly and
unjustifiably," Gordhan says. Mkhwebane
has until Monday to file opposing papers. Oupa Segalwe, her spokesperson, has
declined to comment. SOURCE:
NEWS24