THERE will be no more excuses for Orlando Pirates as their captain Happy Jele vows they will pull out all the stops to ensure they win the 2019-20 Absa Premiership title. Pirates will begin their march to the land of milk and honey in the Absa Premiership – against the financially troubled Bloemfontein Celtic at home at Orlando Stadium on 3 August. Jele believes there has been enough excuses and they don’t plan on making them again this time around, as they aim to wrestle the title away from back-to-back champions Mamelodi Sundowns. But whether Jele and his crew mean what they say will be tested on Saturday when they face their fellow township rivals, Kaizer Chiefs, in the Carling Black Label Cup at FNB Stadium (3pm). This match will be used by coaches of both teams, Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic (Bucs) and Ernst Middendorp of Chiefs as their last preparation for the new season. On losing the title, it was a case of so near, yet so far, for Pirates in the past season as they missed Sundowns by inches (two points) when Pitso Mosimane and his charges walked away with the title – their second in a row. Pirates fans were disappointed as their team finished as runners up for the second consecutive season, to mark a full five seasons without a trophy in their cabinet. Said Jele: “Time for excuses is finished. It’s now time to bring something (trophy) to our fans. The league title is the first priority for the team, and we also want other domestic cups, as well. For this season, each player made a promise that we want to have the gold league medal.” Jele said having watched former Bucs captain Lucky Lekgwathi lift the PSL double treble has inspired him to double his effort and follow suit. “For me, it’s a motivation to compare myself with him. “It shows that there is something I am doing right. Like I said, the only thing I want now is to bring back the glory days to our fans by winning the treble again like the likes of Lekgwathi. I want the youngsters to have the feeling we had when we won the treble,” said Jele. He stressed that they are now tired of being second best. “We don’t want to stay number two for a long time. We want to be number one and that is our aim this season. Hard work is the only remedy to help us knockout Sundowns from the top spot.” Jele hopes the new Adidas home white jersey with black stripes launched yesterday will inspire them to achieve their goal. “The kit is nice. The fabric is quality and very light. I feel comfortable when I’m wearing it, so I believe that wearing it this coming season will bring back glory days,” added Jele.