Public Protector Busisiwe
Mkhwebane believes President Cyril Ramaphosa is failing to uphold the
Constitution. According to Mkhwebanehe’s
doing this by not taking action against Minister of Public Enterprises Pravin
Gordhan, as she recommended, according to a report on Monday. Earlier this year, she
found Gordhan guilty of "improper conduct" and urged Ramaphosa to
take disciplinary action against him and the South African Revenue Service
(SARS) to get back a pension payout made to former SARS deputy commissioner,
Ivan Pillay, Fin24 reported. She has since written to
Ramaphosa, indicating that his refusal to implement her remedial action was not
only a failure to uphold the Constitution, but was also a foregone conclusion,
as it was only based on Gordhan's assertions, Business Day reported on Monday. Gordhan's legal team filed
a court review application at the end of May, asking for Mkhwebane's report to
be set aside and for an order that she did not in act in accordance with the
Constitution or the Public Protector Act. In recent weeks it has
emerged that Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane may have found evidence of
money laundering in her investigation of a R500 000 donation to the ANC
presidential campaign of President Cyril Ramaphosa. In their submissions to
Mkhwebane, Gordhan – and other affected parties, including Pillay and former
SARS commissioner Oupa Magashula – argued that Mkhwebane was mistaken in her
conclusions and that she had made factual errors, as well as mistakes in legal
interpretations. The Presidency said it
could only decide on Gordhan's fate after the court action had been finalised,
according to Business Day. Calls for removal In October 2016,
then-National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) head Shaun Abrahams withdrew a
summons he initiated against Gordhan, who was finance minister at the time, as
well as Magashula and Pillay. This was over an investigation into a so-called
rogue unit at SARS while Gordhan was still its commissioner, as well as his
approval of early retirement benefits for Pillay. Calls for Mkhwebane to be
removed from office have intensified after she released a report following
Abrahams' withdrawal of the summons in 2016, saying Gordhan should not have
approved Pillay's early retirement and his re-employment on a fixed-term
contract. While flip-flopping over
her suitability for the post before, the EFF has thrown its weight behind her
and rejected calls for her removal simply because she found against Gordhan. Mkhwebane is also
investigating Ramaphosa over his failure to declare a R500 000 donation to his
2017 ANC leadership campaign from the former chief executive officer of Bosasa
(now African Global Operations), Gavin Watson. Ramaphosa responded last
week to her notice of investigation into his "alleged violations of the
Executive Ethics Code", by submitting various documents which he hoped
would bring the matter to a conclusion. The ANC welcomed the move. "This sends a strong
message to all South Africans that we are all equal before the law and that the
Office of the Public Protector, as a Chapter 9 SOURCE: NEWS24