Naspers announced on Wednesday that Phuthi
Mahanyele-Dabengwa would lead its operations in SA in the newly created post of
Naspers CEO, South Africa. "I am thrilled to be joining Naspers at such a pivotal
time for the group and for South Africa, and look forward to adding value to
the group in realising its strategy in South Africa," said
Mahanyele-Dabengwa in a statement. Here are 7 things to know about her: 1. She was, until recently, the executive chairperson of
Sigma Capital. Sigma Capital, according to its website, is a privately
held, majority-black owned investment holding company formed in 2015. 2. She will report directly to Bob van Dijk. Mahanyele-Dabengwa will be based in Johannesburg and report
directly to the group CEO of Naspers. According to Naspers, she will lead the
group’s day-to-day business in South Africa and represent its interests in the
country. "She will also be responsible for Naspers’ recently
announced units, Naspers Foundry and Naspers Labs,which are designed to help
stimulate the South African tech sector and tackle youth unemployment,
respectively," Naspers said. 3. Before joining Sigma, she was the CEO of the Shanduka
Group. The Shanduka Group is an investment holding company that was
founded in 2001 by Cyril Ramaphosa. Mahanyele-Dabengwa joined the group in 2004
as a managing director of Shanduka Energy, and later rose to the post of CEO.
She left in 2015 to join Sigma. Ramaphosa disinvested from Shanduka in May 2014 when he was
appointed deputy president. The Phembani Group acquired Shanduka the following
year. 4. She won the ForbesWoman Africa 2014 Business Woman of the
Year award. Mahanyele-Dabengwa has won a number of business awards.
According to a 2014 Forbes articleshe was named one of the "Top 50 women
in the world to watch in 2008" by The Wall Street Journal, and in 2007 was
selected by the World Economic Forum as a Global Young Leader. 5. She has studied in the US and UK. According to her profile on the website of Sigma, she holds
a BA Economics from Rutgers University in the US, and an MBA from De Montfort
University in the UK. She also, in 2008, completed the Kennedy School of
Government Executive Education programme 'Global Leadership and Public Policy
for the 21st Century' at Harvard University. 6. She is on the board of the Cyril Ramaphosa Foundation. According to its website, the Cyril Ramaphosa Foundation is
an "independent non-profit organisation that improves lives and creates
opportunities through education & enterprise development". Its 2018
update stated that nearly 600 000 school learners had benefited, among others. 7. She worked at the Development Bank of Southern Africa. According to her Sigma profile, she was the Head of the
Project Finance South Africa business unit at the Development Bank of Southern
Africa before joining Shanduka in 2004.  https://www.fin24.com/Companies/ICT/7-things-to-know-about-the-new-ceo-of-naspers-sa-20190703 