OUTSPOKEN Roxanne Barker has slammed the SA Football Association (Safa), accusing them of undervaluing Banyana Banyana and of neglecting women’s football in the country. The retired Banyana Banyana goalie has also laid into Desiree Ellis, who she accused of lacking professionalism. Despite significant strides it has and continues to make, the women’s game lags behind in terms of remuneration, among other aspects. “There has to be a dramatic change at Safa for things to change for women’s football in this country,” said Barker. “The current leadership is doing nothing for Banyana, and I don’t see things ever changing. All you read about is corruption and maladministration at Safa. I don’t have any respect for that organisation.” Barker’s outburst comes in the wake of startling revelation by several Banyana players on the team’s World Cup disaster. South Africa could not win a single match out of three at the finals in France. And some have pointed the fingers at Ellis. Barker said Ellis was part of the reason she quit international football – six months before the World Cup. “I was not enjoying the game anymore. “Besides, there’s nothing in it really for Banyana. We have to constantly fight for what’s rightfully ours. I don’t think men go through what Banyana go through with Safa,” she said. Barker is now pursuing her studies and plays as a midfield anchor for the University of Cape Town team. Like several players who spoke on condition of anonymity, Barker fell out with Ellis for constantly complaining about unfair treatment. “When I was growing up, I was taught to stand up for myself,” Barker said. “I raised issues with Desiree which some players couldn’t raise openly. They only raised issues quitely in the corners. That’s cowardice and I don’t stand for that. Des has treated players unfairly. It’s a known fact in the team. “Just look at how she has treated Mpumi Nyandeni, a wonderful player and a person. Over what? Personal issues? “It was the same with Amanda (Dlamini), who was said to be overweight when there was no genuine reason not to select her. Players know about these things. Yet, they keep quite.” Barker also revealed Ellis was the last option for the post after Safa failed to lure Italian and Swedish coaches due to huge demands. Ellis has refused to be drawn entirely on the allegations, only saying Barker knows what “really” happened.