The South African National Civic Organisation (SANCO) in the
North West plans to picket in support of National Assembly Speaker Thandi
Modise when she appears in the Potchefstroom Magistrate's Court on Monday. Modise faces charges of animal cruelty. She was accused of leaving her North West farm unattended,
causing the death of more than 50 pigs and other animals five years ago, News24
previously reported. Reports that a warrant of arrest had been issued for the
speaker in June after failing to appear in court were denied by Parliament. The
court date was moved to July 22. However, the civic organisation said it believed the charges
against the speaker were a "racist political agenda that seeks to vilify
and project her as a callous and irresponsible individual". SANCO provincial chairperson Paul Sebegoe said it would be
double jeopardy for Modise to be punished for the harrowing incident she had
struggled to put behind her. "We urge all progressive forces to come out in their
numbers to join the picket in support of our liberation struggle heroine and
nation builder. We can't fold our arms when there are white supremacists
hell-bent on turning our criminal justice system into kangaroo courts and
furtherance of racist ideologies. "Modise, whose name organisations like AfriForum are
desperately trying to besmirch and project as uncompassionate, is among the
tried and tested matured leaders who could play a crucial role in the 'New
Dawn' as the country reclaims nation building, unity, social cohesion including
reconciliation. Renewed character assassination attempts by myopic reactionary
forces will only serve to undermine the national objective," Sebegoe said. The organisation said it sympathised with Modise because she
was an "incorruptible and ethical leader" who had ruffled many
feathers during her tenure as premier of the province. Complaints against Modise first surfaced in July 2014 after
the discovery of the carcasses of more than 50 animals at her farm that
included pigs, geese, ducks, sheep and goats.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/sanco-to-picket-outside-potchefstroom-court-as-thandi-modise-appears-for-animal-cruelty-case-20190721 