Rihanna took 'over two years' to create Fenty bronzer Rihanna took "over two years" to create the formula for Fenty Beauty's first-ever bronzer. Rihanna makes history as new 'British Vogue Cover Girl' Rihanna has officially cemented her place in British Vogue history as the first black woman to be featured on the cover of the magazine's September issue. Rihanna: Take your partner as they are Rihanna thinks people set unrealistic expectations for their partners, and has urged people to "be fine" with the type of person they are dating rather than trying to change them. Rihanna is 'super close' to finishing her album Rihanna is "super close" to finishing her long-awaited album, according to long-time collaborator The-Dream. ShowBiz Minute: Rihanna, Ghostbusters, Hathaway Rihanna sues father over use of their last name for business; Jason Reitman to direct Ghostbusters sequel for summer 2020; Anne Hathaway says she understands why the Academy can't find a new Oscars host. Rihanna's Fenty Beauty product pulled after complaints Bosses at Rihanna's Fenty Beauty brand have pulled their Geisha Chic bronzer following complaints on social media. Rihanna: Becoming curvy changed fashion line Rihanna says she's changed how she dresses since becoming "thick and curvy" and thinks this has influenced her fashion line. The Stars' Best Kept Secrets: Rihanna Hip-hop superstar Rihanna is a pop icon, a sometime actor, and a successful businesswoman. But what are some things you may not have known about this stunning singer? Rihanna takes personal days for herself Rihanna takes special "personal days" to do things for herself, because she doesn't want her career to feel "like a chore". Rihanna has curvy mannequins at Fenty pop-up Rihanna's Fenty pop-up store in New York City has mannequins with curvaceous figures to show how the clothes will work on women of all body shapes. Rihanna files new trademark for skin care line Rihanna has fuelled reports suggesting she's adding a skin care line to her Fenty Beauty empire after applying for a new trademark. Rihanna confirms she is releasing new music Rihanna has confirmed she is in the studio working on new music to follow her 2016 LP, 'Anti',' and last year's collaborations 'Lemon' and 'Wild Thoughts'. Rihanna debuts Fenty Collection in Paris RiRi debuted her new luxury fashion line at a pop-up boutique in Paris. Rihanna loves her bum and boobs Bajan beauty Rihanna has revealed she doesn't want to lose her bum or boobs when she embarks on a new fitness regime. Is Rihanna secretly married? The 'Umbrella' hitmaker has been dating billionaire boyfriend Hassan Jameel since 2017 Rihanna wants Fenty stores to be like spa and nightclub Rihanna intends to open a chain of permanent Fenty stores and she wants them to be a cross "between a spa and a nightclub". Rihanna: I'm so grateful for opportunity to create Fenty Rihanna admits that she is "so grateful" that she had the "opportunity" to create her Fenty luxury fashion line. Rihanna is named the world's richest female musician Rihanna is named the world's richest female musician, thanks to her brand Fenty Beauty, with an estimated fortune of $600 million, according to Forbes. Rihanna shares first official look at new lingerie line R&B beauty Rihanna has teased fans online by modelling a piece of lingerie from her forthcoming intimates collection. Rihanna shoots down Royal Wedding invite query Rihanna dealt with a cheeky reporter in fine style recently when he asked her if she would be going to Prince Harry's wedding this weekend. Kanye West explains Jay-Z feud Kanye West fell out with Jay-Z because he was "hurt" when the rapper and his wife Beyonce didn't attend his wedding to Kim Kardashian West. Beyonce's 11 hour days practicing for Coachella Beyonce has been hard at work preparing for her upcoming Coachella 2018 headlining set, and she has reportedly been setting 11-hour rehearsal sessions ahead of the huge show. Rihanna wants new collection to make women feel 'confident' Rihanna admitted that she wants her new Fenty luxury fashion line to make women feel "confident" as she unveiled the collection at a pop-up in Paris. Carrie Underwood struggled to sing with stitches Carrie Underwood has admitted she found it hard to sing after having stitches in her face. The disabled and China's labor market We visit the Inclusion Factory near Shanghai, whose goal is to facilitate the inclusion of people with disabilities into society through meaningful employment, high quality vocational training and personal development programs. Rihanna empowering all body types by adding plus sizes to lingerie line R&B beauty Rihanna is hoping to inspire confidence in full-figured women by promoting plus size items from her new lingerie collection. Rihanna unveils Savage X Fenty at New York Fashion Week Rihanna unleashes her second season of Savage X Fenty. Her exotic world of bralettes, undies and pyjamas were shown off in 50 different looks and modelled by women of all shapes and sizes including sisters Gigi and Bella Hadid. Rihanna's album still incomplete Rihanna doesn't know when her next album will be released, because the material still isn't finished. Rihanna's top music collaborations! Rihanna turns 31 today! And to celebrate, we're listing her top collaborations! Rihanna encourages women to be body confident Rihanna wants women not to become too obsessed by what the scales read. Celebrity Birthday: Rihanna On the 20th February Rihanna celebrates her birthday! Rihanna's lingerie advice According to Rihanna, women shouldn't wear sexy lingerie just to "get the ring". Rihanna going back to roots on next record Rihanna will be penning songs in the style of her 2010 pop album 'Loud'. Rihanna going back to roots on next record Rihanna will be penning songs in the style of her 2010 pop album 'Loud'. Rihanna is rumoured to working on a double album Rihanna is thought to be planning to storm the charts with a double-disc album. Rihanna's trick for perfect eyebrows Rihanna's make-up artist has revealed she sets the star's brows with a bar of soap. Rihanna set to release new album in 2019 Rihanna has just seemingly confirmed that her new album is going to drop next year. Rihanna confirms new reggae album during interview Rihanna's ninth studio album will be a reggae album dropping later in 2019 Rihanna is suing her father Rihanna is suing her father for allegedly exploiting her name without her permission by launching the Fenty Entertainment company and pretending to be her agents. Rihanna's stalker handed five years probation A man who allegedly broke into Rihanna’s mansion and spent 12 hours making himself at home has been sentenced to five years probation. Rihanna's dad wants star's lawsuit dismissed Rihanna’s father has denied allegations suggesting he has been trying to cash in on the superstar's name and image without her permission. Rihanna has new music 'coming' Rihanna has told fans that she's working on new music and it's "coming" soon. Rihanna sues her father over Fenty Entertainment firm Rihanna is reportedly taking her father to court to block him from allegedly attempting to cash in on her success. Rihanna gives up partying to concentrate on career Rihanna has shared that she has ditched her partying lifestyle to concentrate on work. Rihanna wanted to gain respect as a designer Rihanna wanted to "gain respect" as a designer before releasing her Fenty luxury fashion line. Rihanna releasing body positive lingerie line Rihanna's upcoming lingerie line will include a range of sizes from Extra-Small to Triple XL in a bid to cater to all body shapes. Rihanna's home under surveillance after false alarm Rihanna's Los Angeles pad's alarm was accidently set off overnight and cops have remained at the property after an intruder was found in the singer's home in May. Rihanna’s changing body influenced her New Fashion Line Rihanna has shared that her body fluctuations played a role in designing her new Fenty collection. Rihanna's top beauty tips for looking thinner Rihanna learnt to contour when she "gained weight" and created the perfect products for a natural look with her own Fenty Beauty line.