GETTING your book available at bookshops nationwide is every author’s dream. But it there’s a lot of work to be done before a book is published. Just like a newspaper or magazine, stories are gathered, edited and polished. The same applies to books, said Nkemi Molefe, book publisher and founder and CEO of Pelmo Books from Pretoria. Apart from the author, there are people who add their expertise to your book to make sure it catches the reader’s eyes and is loved, she said. “Many people think theas the author you just write the book and somebody will publish it.   “But that is not how it is. “There are people who will edit your book, proofread it and add wording to the book to make it sound more interesting.” Nkemi publishes books only written in Mzansi’s indigineous languages. “Writers are forced to tell their stories in a language foreign to them. “Publishing in indigenous languages is a double-edged sword.” Her father Dr Lawrence Molefe, who is also an author, inspired her to be a publisher. “I used to help him collate his manuscripts for publication, which I began to realise was something I loved to do.” “I understood the process and asked myself why coudn’t I make a living out of this” She said to make sure that children know their culture and language is through reading of books.   Nkemi sees more than 100 books in a year and chooses which books they want to publish.   Each other to get their books published, they have to pay only R440 for their work or scripts to be seen.  Pelmo Books opened for business in 2012 and has published and marketed many books. “South Africa is not much of a reading nation but this is one of the challenges we are hoping to meet head-on by publishing in vernacular.” Nkemi said they publish the books and also ensure that the books are available at libraries. “We understand that many people can’t write or read in their mother tongues yet. “But the Read, Write, Rise drive shows our determination to change this by providing well-written, well-edited books to ensure young readers and writers become enveloped in their culture.” “One of the genres we are keen on in order to do this is children’s books, which tell our stories, in our language, so black people can identify.” For more information on how to get your book published, email info@pelmobooks.co.za or call 012 771 7713.