HIGHLANDS Park have confirmed the appointment of former Kaizer Chiefs number one keeper Rowen Fernandez as the club’s new goalkeeper coach. The former Bafana Bafana shot stopper will replace Stavros Tsichlas, who will now be working with the junior teams. Fernadez enjoyed a successful playing career in the colours of Amakhosi, Arminia Bielefeld in Germany, Bidvest Wits and SuperSport United. After retiring from football, the 41-year-old moved into coaching, taking up the Orlando Pirates goalkeeper coach position. He will be expected to help Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba, who conceded a total of 32 goals last season, to keep more clean sheets this season. The Tembisa-based outfit are hoping to improve on their seventh place finish last season, in what was only their first season back in the top flight. They have made their intentions to remain in the top eight clear, not only by improving their technical team with Fernandez, but also adding six new players ahead of the new season. “Yes, Rowen has joined and we are excited about his addition,” confirmed Highlands Park shareholder and chairman, Brad Kaftel. “Look, we’re a team that is always trying to improve, we always look to get better year on year and I believe Rowen will improve us in that department. “We’re talking about a man who has played for some of the big clubs in the country, played abroad and also represented his country, to have someone of that quality work with our goalkeepers was an opportunity we could pass up. “We overachieved a bit last season by finishing in the top eight, but we can only improve from that position and Rowen will help us in that regard. “But don’t get me wrong, Stavros has been brilliant for us, however, we believe he has always been better suited working with the youngsters, he has experience with the SA U-17s.” Highlands coach, Owen Da Gama, also welcomed the addition of Fernandez. “We were not too bad in the goalkeeping department, we didn’t concede an awful lot, but there is always room for improvement,” said Da Gama. “If management feel we need a bit more here and there, then they will make it happen. I just focus on what happens on the field of play.” Fernandez is already hard at work with Highlands as they prepare for a visit by his former team, Chiefs, for the first game of the season at Makhulong Stadium on Sunday (3pm).