BAFANA Bafana and Nigeria are set to renew their hostilities in what is expected to be an epic Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) quarter-final. The match will take place at the Cairo International Stadium tonight at 9pm. SunSport took to the street to get a feeling of expectations from both fans of Bafana and Super Eagles. Nigerians living in South Africa did not shy away from showing their absolute support for their home team, bashing the “weakness” of South African football judging by their unfavorable history in this encounter. Francis, a Nigerian, said the fact that South Africa won twice against Nigeria does not make them a stronger team. “Nigeria will win by two goals to nothing, Bafana are not strong enough.” His fellow countryman Eddie Smith shared the same sentiments.Smith puts his money on Nigeria saying they will win. Said Smith: “Bafana will find it difficult against Nigeria. They played well against Egypt but they will fall short against us. I predict a 2-0 win for the Super Eagles.” George Fai, a Cameroonian living in South Africa, threw his weight behind Bafana, saying they would get the better of Nigeria judging from their previous match against Egypt. Said Fai: “The match will be tough but I feel like Bafana will win because they very efficient going forward. Nigeria are sluggish.” Understandably, Bafana’s stunning victory over the hosts seems to have instilled confidence in their supporters who are looking forward to another brilliant display on Wednesday. Dumoluhle Sgadule from Kwazulu-Natal said he had hope that the boys would do the nation proud. Said Sgadule: “Bafana showed against Egypt that we can beat anyone, Nigeria are next”.  'It's going to be hard but we have a chance.' Alex Iwobi on Nigeria's AFCON chances Nigeria striker Alex Iwobi spoke exclusively to SNTV in Alexandria, Egypt on Friday as the 'Super Eagles' enjoyed some time away from their Africa Cup of Nations training base.  Iwobi has started his side's two games in the competition to date - 1... Algeria and Senegal preview their AFCON Group C match Senegal with Algeria looking ahead in their second 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) Group C match at the 30 June Stadium in Egypt on Thursday. Goals from Baghdad Bounedjah and Riyad Mahrez inspired the Desert Lions to victory which took them to ... 'We start at a disadvantage'  Mauretania complain of game glut at AFCON Tunisia and Mauritania held their  pressers in Suez on Monday (1st July) before their final face off in group E in the African Cup of Nations. Every team in the group have all to play for tomorrow in Suez. While Mali sits top of the table with fou... Berahino - Burundi caused top Nigeria side problems on AFCON debut Reaction from Burundi captain Saido Berahino after a 77th minute goal from substitute Odion Ighalo gave Nigeria a 1-0 win over the debutants at the Africa Cup of Nations in Alexandria on Saturday. Tearful Wakasu looks to the future after Ghana's AFCON penalty heartbreak at the hands of Tunisia Reaction after Tunisia set up an Africa Cup of Nations quarter-final meeting with Madagascar by beating Ghana in a penalty shoot-out after Monday's round of 16 tie in Ismailia, Egypt ended in a 1-1 draw. Khazri in focus as Tunisia beat Ghana on penalties at AFCON Reaction after Tunisia set up an Africa Cup of Nations quarter-final meeting with Madagascar by beating Ghana in a penalty shoot-out after Monday's round of 16 tie in Ismailia, Egypt ended in a 1-1 draw. 'Kalu collapsing in training was scary' - Oghalo Reaction after a 77th minute goal from substitute Odion Ighalo gave Nigeria a 1-0 win over debutants Burundi at the Africa Cup of Nations in Alexandria on Saturday. SAHRC: Why Julius Malema's 'slaughtering' comment is not hate speech The South African Human Rights Commission (SAHRC)  released its findings on the investigation into complaints of hate speech against EFF leader Julius Malema on Wednesday. ‘Cameroon always play for victory’ Seedorf Cameroon head coach Clarence Seedorf spoke on Friday on the eve of their 2019 AFCON Group F clash with Ghana in Ismailya, Egypt. Defending champions Cameroon triumphed in the African Cup of Nations five times, while Ghana are four-time winners, bu... The journey of an egg: Regenerative farming with Farmer Angus On a farm at Spier in Stellenbosch, South Africa, a stockbroker-turned-farmer is putting his land and animals first to heal the world. Tunisia have change their approach ahead of meeting Ghana in AFCON round of 16 game Tunisia will look to put their poor group-stage results behind them when they face Ghana in the last 16 of the Africa Cup of Nations on Monday. Alain Giresse's side failed to win a game in Group E, drawing all three fixtures to progress as runners... 'We are very, very good' Algeria get set for AFCON last 16 match with Guinea The Algeria squad trained on Wednesday ahead of facing Guinea in the Round of 16 at the African Cup of Nations on Sunday in Cairo.  Algeria progressed to the final 16 after winning their 3 matches against Kenya, Senegal, and Tanzania respectively.... Man City star Mahrez hopes for Algeria improvement ahead of AFCON Algeria played a friendly game against Burundi in Doha on Tuesday as they continued their preparation ahead of the African Cup of Nations. Djamel Belmadi's men drew 1-1 with Burundi, who are also holding a training camp in the Qatari capital to pr...