Union Solidarity has thrown down the gauntlet, threatening legal action
at state-owned arms company Denel, following news that the company would not be
able to pay July salaries for staff. Denel has been in financial dire straits for much of the year, but
Minister of Public Enterprises Pravin Gordhan has repeated his commitment to
assist the company to get back on its feet and become self-sustaining. Solidarity’s sector coordinator for defence and aviation Helgard Cronjé
said in a statement from Solidarity that the union would not allow Denel’s
financial woes compromise workers. "Not paying salaries on time must be is totally unacceptable and we
condemn it. The implications are immense and far-reaching and Solidarity is
ready for the fight," said Cronjé. Cronjé said if July salaries were not paid, Solidarity would have no
other option but to proceed with legal action against Denel. "While management’s communication to employees is more transparent
and unions appreciate management’s efforts, the realities facing our members
nevertheless still remain, and as a union we need to do what we need to do to
protect the rights of our members," Cronjé warned. Denel spokesperson Pam Malinda confirmed in a statement that the arms
utility did not have the resources to compensate staff for their labour during
the month of July. "The management of Denel has today informed employees of the
reality that the company remains at risk of not being in a position to pay
salaries for the month of July on time. Danie du Toit, the Group CEO of
Denel, indicated to employees that they are in constant engagements with the
banks to secure bridging finance to support the company," said Malinda. According to the statement, the challenge is connected to the
current liquidity challenges experienced by Denel. Denel CEO Danie du Toit said
these liquidity challenges also resulted in a delayed payment of full salaries
and late payments of the employer’s contribution to the Denel Pension Fund in
June. "Once again, I do apologise for the stress and anxiety caused to
you and your families as a result of the current uncertainties. I thank you for
remaining loyal to the company and for the personal sacrifices you are making
for the company," said Du Toit. The statement said Denel was confident that it would soon be
recapitalised, though the next few months would be "very tough".  https://www.fin24.com/Companies/denel-salaries-on-the-line-again-20190722 