MARITZBURG United chairman Farook Kadodia is expecting his new signings to hit the ground running when they kick off their Absa Premiership campaign next Sunday. United face Golden Arrows in Kwa Mashu in a KwaZulu Natal derby. In a bid to improve from their last seasons’ poor display where they retained their Premier Soccer League status via the promotion/relegation play-offs, Maritzburg have been strengthening their squad with some quality players. On Wednesday the Team of Choice confirmed the signings of three internationals, former Bafana midfielder Daylon Claasen, New Zealand-born left-back Dan Morgan and Micah Lea’alafa from the Solomon Islands. The arrival of the trio takes Maritzburg new signings tally to eight players as they joined the likes of Phumlani Ntshangase, Judas Moseamedi, Gabriel Nyoni, Kwanda Mngonyama and Yusuf Jappie who have already signed. Talking to SunSport yesterday Kadodia revealed that the new signings will give the coach more options and will improve the squad. “We are expecting them to hit the ground running, you know it is always vital that you collect as many points as you can in the league while it is still early,” said Kadodia. “The club has struggled for a while for a specialised left-footed full-back, we believe Morgan will give us the attributes required in this position, and he comes with good pedigree and will also be an asset when defending set pieces.” Kadodia denied they have signed Ali Meza from Mamelodi Sundowns saying: “We have not finalised that deal we are still in negotiations.” After the club lost star players Fortune Makaringe and Siphesihle Ndlovu who joined Orlando Pirates last month, they will now be looking at the likes of Jappie and Lea’alafa to give them fire power in attack. While Ntshangase will be tasked to dictate the play in the middle. Kadodia added: “Micah (Lea’alafa) is an attacking midfielder he will be a good fit for the team and combines well with the other midfielders we have and will provide the X-factor we’re looking for in attack.” The 28-year-old Lea’alafa who hails from North Australia joins the Team of Choice with an interesting record where he scored 18 goals in 45 league matches for Auckland City in New Zealand.