GABADINHO Mhango aims to use the winning mentality that saw Bidvest Wits win trophies to help end Orlando Pirates’ five year trophy drought. The 26-year old winger penned a three year deal with the Buccaneers during this transfer period. He says Wits coaching staff, under the leadership of coach Gavin Hunt and his teammates, played a key role towards his success during the three-year stint he spent at the club. This saw him lift the Absa Premiership title with them in the 2016-17 season. The speedy player reckons the same mindset will be key to help Bucs wrestle the title away from back-to-back champions Mamelodi Sundowns. The Malawian international scored 15 goals and provided six assists in 65 matches for the Clever Boys. Said Mhango: “I am happy to have joined this wonderful club, and I look forward to the season ahead. I am grateful to the management, coaches and fans of Wits for the time we had over the past three years. “They gave me an opportunity to showcase my talent. The league and trophies we won, losses we had have been part of a memorable time since I learnt a lot and grew as a player. “I hope to achieve the same with Pirates.” Mhango emphasised that the never-give-up attitude his former teammates had was instrumental to the great memories he had with the Clever Boys. “Even when it was tough for me as a player we tried our level best to get results and this was possible through our fan’s amazing support. “The fighting spirit, passion, desire and refusal to give up is part of the culture at Wits. My fellow players made me who I am today. They guided and supported me in ways I could never fully express my gratitude. You are my family and as a Clever Boy I salute you.” However, Mhango is aware that he will need to put the past behind and double his effort to help bring a smile to the Bucs fans starting with the Black Label Cup Soweto derby against rivals Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Saturday (3pm). “It’s now time for a new challenge that will allow me to embark on a new journey to fulfil even more colourful dreams. I am excited.”