MAMELODI Sundowns star midfielder Themba Zwane has set himself big goals for the upcoming season. The 29-year-old has challenged himself to clinch the Golden Boot award by finishing as the Absa Premiership’s top goal scorer next season. Zwane, who scored four goals and provided six assists in his 25 league games last season, believes he is capable of much more if he can stay injury free. His exploits, though, were enough to help the Brazilians bag a record ninth PSL title. Zwane was also nominated for three PSL awards – Footballer of the Season, Midfielder of the Season and Players’ Player of the Season. “I think I did well last season, but I’m sure I can improve a lot next season,” said Zwane. “For me personally, if I can finish as the top goal scorer in the league, I will be very pleased. “I haven’t reached double figures in terms of goals so far in the PSL. That is my goal next season. “When you are playing for Sundowns, you have to keep improving as a player because expectations are high. “We always try to win all the competitions that are available to us. Next season will be no different.” It was in the Caf Champions League where Zwane really showed his quality, scoring six goals for Pitso Mosimane’s charges as they reached the semi-finals of the competition. Zwane finished one goal short of the top goal scorer, Moataz Al-Mehdi of Al-Nasr, who bagged seven goals. He couldn’t, however, carry that form to the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Egypt with Bafana Bafana. Zwane started in all the group stage matches for Bafana against Ivory Coast, Namibia and Morocco before coming on a substitute in their quarter-final clash against Nigeria. Although he couldn’t produce his best form personally, Zwane was pleased with how the whole team performed. “I think we played quite well as a team,” added Zwane. “But of course, we do feel that we could have gone further in the competition. But its football, things like this happen. Overall, I’m happy with what we managed to produce because it was not easy. “We are improving as a team. We just need to keep it up.”