THE lid has been blown off Banyana Banyana’s World Cup shambles! Shocking details of how Desiree Ellis’s lack of professionalism stifled the team have been laid bare by the players. It’s now part of history that South Africa crashed out of the tournament without gaining a single point in three matches. For fear of victimisation, several players have spoken to SunSport on condition of anonymity. But two are on record. According to one player, trouble started brewing after the team qualified for the World Cup. Seemingly emboldened by her success in qualifying Mzansi for their maiden World Cup, Ellis began making odd decisions, as seen when she dropped technical team staffers, Sean Louw and Sibusiso Mahlangu. Quizzed on the allegations: Ellis retorted: “I’m not going to answer to allegations made by faceless people. On the field, the players play well and I haven’t noticed any divisions.” Senior players allegedly threatened to boycott Banyana’s US tour over the omission of Nyandeni. “First she denied Mpumi her 150th cap in the friendlies played in January,” one player said. “It’s no secret that Mpumi plays a huge role in the dressing room. Like Jermaine, she is also outspoken. “I think Mpumi’s growing popularity in the team didn’t sit well with Desiree.” Nyandeni admitted she was devastated over her omission. but would not comment on her squabbles with Ellis. “I was disappointed and nearly turned down the option to travel as a standby player. But I felt there’s still a chance for me to play in future. So, I respected the coach’s decision,” said Nyandeni. “I hold no grudge. Desiree is the coach and the final decision lies with her.” Many players weren’t surprised when Jermaine was benched at the Cyprus Women’s Cup nor by her cameo appearances at the World Cup. “She questioned Desiree’s tactics. That’s why. Thembi Kgatlana and Janine van Wyk have also been vocal. But she wouldn’t have dared drop them,” said another player. Recently retired goalie Roxanne Barker gave credence to the allegations when she opened up on her Banyana nightmare under Ellis, leading to her abrupt retirement. “I washed my hands off that team. I didn’t even watch their World Cup matches. The players don’t stand up for themselves. That’s where the problem starts. They don’t stick together. They are cowards,” she said. Often I’d raise my opinion. But no one would back me up. Yet back in the rooms they’d complain about Desiree. I don’t know how they do it, really. I’d say to them ‘you are in control, you can speak up and stop asking me to speak up for you’.” Barker added that Ellis unsuccessfully tried talking her out of retirement. “The politics, the coach, I couldn’t take it anymore,” said Barker. Ellis said: “Roxanne knows what happened. I’m not going answer to that.”