IF Mamelodi Sundowns can do it, so can they! Forget the setback that Kaizer Chiefs found themselves in last season, rather look on the positive that they will bounce back, like Sundowns, to win the Absa Premiership title. For the first time, they missed out on the top eight finish. And Orlando Pirates missing out by two points doesn’t mean they can’t refresh, dust themselves off and carry on from where they left off in the 2018/19 PSL season. All the PSL clubs have worn their armour as they prepare for what should be a bruising 2019/20 season where they’ve brought about their weapons, in the form of new signings. I hate to burst Pitso Mosimane’s bubble on his ambitions to surpass the 71-point mark at the end of the term to collect his third Premiership title on the trot. Sundowns have not made telling signings and working with the very same old socially active and emotionally drained players won’t do Mosimane a world of good. Pirates, on the other hand, have made all the perfect signings of youngsters, which signals an intent to walk away with the title this time around. Meanwhile, Chiefs went to the flea market and bought Lazalous Kambole and Yusuf Bunting, and the rest. Will Kambole and Bunting be hits, or will they be carbon copies of Dax Andrianarimanana and Leo Castro? Time will tell! Mine is to acknowledge Chiefs, Pirates and Sundowns as potential title-contenders given their reputation in the PSL. But honestly, there are other teams on the blind spot like Black Leopards,Highlands Park, SuperSport United and Bidvest Wits. Leopards have goneinsane and brought in dozens of players to their ensemble and David Thidiela should be aiming at the highest prize ever, and not fight relegation like in the past. Thidiela, through the new signings, is hell-bent on competing for the top eight position, at least. I got goosebumps and remembered ntate Kgoloko Thobejane this week as I read Baroka FC coach Wedson Nyirenda’s interview, saying they’ll win the title this season. Do you believe him? Well, Nyirenda is a coach with a credible record and I’m sure if all goes according to plan, the top five position is a possibility, unlike all the crap said by Thobejane before that “football will kill you real death”. We’re looking forward to the PSL season that kicks off this weekend with a full round of fixtures and get a glimpse of what lies ahead. Azishe!