DURBAN rocks. That’s a fact. The coastal city will be lit again when fun seekers descend on KZN for the magnificent Fact Durban Rocks music festival at People’s Park, Moses Mabhida Stadium, tomorrow. The annual do, which features the best in the local music industry, coincides with the Durban July, the country’s foremost horse racing event. Now in its eighth year, the popular concert will this year feature sought after Mzansi artists such as AKA, Professor, Kwesta, Sjava, Berita, Babes Wodumo, Tipcee and Joocy, to mention a few. Tipcee will perform at the spectacular event on the back of the recent release of her single Sukuma, which features Dladla Mshunqisi and is produced by Cruel Boys. “The single is all about dance, so it will be the performance on Saturday,” said Tipcee, whose real name is Thobeka Ndaba, before she left for Durban. “People aren’t ready for what I have in store for them. I can’t wait to see the looks on their faces when I take the stage. “I hope they come prepared to learn the new dance move called the sukuma.” Multi award-winning musician Professor will take fans down memory lane with his old hits while introducing them to new sounds. He told SunBuzz he enjoyed performing at events of this size. “I take every performance, especially at an event such as this one, as an opportunity to showcase my work to my fans. That’s why I’ll come prepared.” Fact Durban Rocks founder DJ Tira said the 12-hour extravaganza was one of the biggest music concerts in the country, attracting up to 15 000 fans. “Facts Durban Rocks happens twice a year – on the weekend of Durban July and on New Year’s Eve,” he said. “Each year we try to make sure it’s better than the previous one, especially when it comes to production and line-ups to ensure fans get their money’s worth. “People are always spoilt for choice as we have two stages: the main stage, which is chilled, and the house stage, which is more vibrant with some of the hottest DJs in the game right now.” Tira said there was no better event than Fact Durban Rocks at this time of the year. “If you’re heading to the Durban July, you should a turn at the concert for great, nonstop entertainment. “I’m also looking forward to my own performance. I have a new song out, featuring Joocy and titled Thank You, Mr DJ,” said Tira, whose real name is Mthokozisi Khathi. “I’m looking forward to making people dance and having fun.” The concert starts at 6pm and is expected to go on until 6am on Sunday. ) Tickets are available at Webtickets at R300 each for general and R1 200 for VIP