BLACK Leopards have placed a R17 million prize-tag on the head of their top striker Mwape Musonda. The Zambian international was in hot form last season and finished as the 2018-19 Absa Premiership leading goal scorer with 16 goals and walked away with the Lesley Manyathela Golden Boot award. But the price-tag seems to be “crazy money” for the 28-year-old. And now the former Orlando Pirates player has been linked with a move to Turkey or China. A source close to the player told SunSport that Turkish Super League outfit Goztepe made an offer of R8 million for Musonda’s signature but Lidoda Duvha chairman David Thidiela rejected it. “It is true there are teams that want Musonda in Turkey and China,”said our source. “But the chairman (Thidiela) wants nothing less than R17 million to release him. He has even rejected R8 million from Goztepe. If he goes, it will be Turkey or China.” According to the source, Thidiela also refused to take R5 million from PSL teams that were after Musonda’s services. Musonda was once linked with a move to Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs. Musonda is believed to be frustrated as he want to play abroad. He refused to comment and sent an sms to SunSport: “Sorry man, really not in the mood to talk about my transfer.” Thidiela was quoted on a website saying he will not stand in Musonda’s way if he wants to leave, but the offer has to be good. Said Thidiela: “You know clubs like to deal with agents, they don’t deal with me. Offers will be there don’t worry. He is leaving. There are so many people who are working on this issue. Mabalethe isaka nje (They must just bring a sack full of cash) and we’ll talk. “I’m confident he is going. It will be a club outside the country. He is also willing to leave the country. I don’t know yet which country but I will tell you. You know me, I don’t have secrets, I don’t hide anything. The only thing I will hide from you is how much that particular club will pay me for him, the rest I will tell you. Next season I will sell someone else again, this is business.”