FORMER Orlando Pirates striker Phumudzo Manenzhe doesn’t understand why Thembinkosi Lorch is yet to make his Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) debut. The Bucs star has been an unused substitute in both of Bafana’s games so far at the new look 24-teams tournament in Egypt, despite being high in confidence following his best season at club level which saw him score nine goals in 26 matches. The 25-year-old was named 2019-20 Player of the Season and Player’s Player of the Season in the Premier Soccer League (PSL) where he helped Pirates to a second place finish behind Mamelodi Sundowns in the Absa Premiership. However, he has found it difficult to break into Stuart Baxter’s Bafana team. “What else does the boy need to do in order to prove himself?” asked Manenzhe during the Carling Black Label Cup activation in Polokwane on Saturday. “He is the best player in the PSL. That should be enough to earn him an opportunity in the national team. “Since he has won all those personal accolades, he is yet to get his chance for Bafana. “He is sitting on the bench, very high in confidence and waiting for his opportunity to play. “He had a fantastic season at Pirates, this is a player who can play in various positions and his stats speak for themselves. “He is one of those players who I believe can produce the goods at national team level.” Bafana face Morocco tonight at the Al Salam Stadium in Cairo (6pm) in their final group match hoping for positive result to ensure their passage to the next round of the competition. They currently sit third in Group D behind the Atlas Lions and Ivory Coast with Namibia occupying bottom – without a point, or even a goal. “Even if we lose to Morocco we could still qualify for the knockout stages as one of the four best third-placed teams,” added Manenzhe. “I believe we’ve got this in the bag already. Bafana are peaking at the right time, which is what you want at a tournament like this. “If they continue to up their game as the tournament goes on, they can surprise a lot of teams.”