The EFF held their Workers Day rally at the Alexandra Stadium in Alexandra. The EFF's Commander in Chief Julius Malema addressed the crowds that packed up the stadium. Malema promised workers shares in the companies they work for. "We can't have it that only the Chinese own shares in our companies. When you work for Standard Bank you should get shares, when you work for a Pick n Pay you should get shares and that's how we are going to share the wealth in South Africa," Malema said. Speaking about the conditions in Alexandra. Malema said that the township is the perfect example of ANC's failure. "If you wanna see what the ANC has done to South Africa come to Alexandra," Malema said. Malema said that they want to know from Paul Mashatile where the money for the Alexandra Renewal Project went. "We will expropriate land so that we can give you land where you can build on and no fool can come and claim that they own the land," Malema said. Malema also promised the people of Stjwetla informal settlement that he will build them houses that give them privacy. "We don't want the kids to grow up being exposed to adult things," he said. Malema asked his white neighbours in Sandton how do they sleep knowing the poor conditions their neighbours in Alexandra live in. Malema says that a day will come when all the people in Alexandra get fed up and they march up to Sandton and say enough is enough.  "You'll find me there in Sandton and you will tell me and all the black elites to shut up because we sold you out," Malema said. Malema promised to raise social grants including the child grant and the pension grant. He said that there is money being wasted on Ministers and Parliamentarians. He said deputy ministers should be scrapped. Useless ministries like Science and Technology and Arts and Cultures should also be scrapped. "The minister of Art and Culture's jobs is to tweet congratulations and condolences," Malema said. Malema said that there's one condition political parties need to do before they can have a sit down with them for possible coalitions. "They should clean up the townships first. We want to see the townships clean first and free of rats before we sit down with them on the same table," Malema said. Malema concluded his speech in Alexandra asking people of Alex to vote for the EFF come May 8. "We know the problems of Alex, the people of Alex know that the EFF is for them," Malema said.   