YET another Cricket World Cup, yet another tiptoeing around the ”chokers’ tag”. The famous ”C” word has been unofficially banned from use in cricket circles and those who dare utter it are frowned on by the cricket aficionados. The word, however, has come into use once again as the Proteas prepare for another major tournament, the 2019 ICC Cricket World Cup. Coach Ottis Gibson hastened to shut any talk about choking. He insists the Proteas are on the verge of something special. They have left their baggage of past World Cups behind... perhaps at the top of Table Mountain they recently hiked as part of their mental preparation. The team left for the UK on Monday, taking with them hopes and expectations of a success-starved nation. They will open their World Cup campaign with a clash against hosts England on 30 May. But a quick trawl through history shows expectations on the Proteas are invariably met with disappointment. Despite being one of the leading teams in the modern game, South Africa have stumbled and choked in most multi-nations competition such as the Champions Trophy and the World Cup. Forget about what the aficionados say and look at the records. From the costly dropped catch in the 1999 semifinal, the Duckworth-Lewis method misery in 2003 to the failed World Twenty20 campaign, our team often freeze in big moments. ”I can’t just put my finger on it. We’re just not playing well in big tournaments,” former coach Russell Domingo once said. Of course, it would be unfair to club the current crop together with the past teams. Kagiso Rabada was still in his nappies when Hansie Cronje’s team famously stuffed it up against Australia in Edgbaston in 1999. Like his teammates, Rabada deserves a fair chance and the nation’s full support. Yes, there will always be pressure on South Africa, though they are not among the overwhelming favourites to win this time around. It is the pressure which comes with the talent the country has and the resources which makes it possible for that talent to be nurtured. Here’s hoping Gibson and his troops succeed where many have failed and deliver a major trophy. Go on and make us proud. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter  @Kgomotsso