YET another video footage has surfaced showing Safa officials involved in corrupt activity. This time it is the referees at the Safa SAB regional, captured on camera allegedly collecting bribery money from a known club boss. Last week SunSport exposed a referee accepting bribe from a club official, following a match in the North West ABC Motsepe League. WATCH: SILLY SAFA REFEREE CAUGHT ON CAMERA Safa has since suspended the unnamed referee as they conduct an official investigation into the matter. In the latest video, though, a club official, whose name is known to SunSport, is caught on CCTV camera delivering cash to the officials. According to Young Madrid owner, Paul Phora, the incident has sparked outrage in the fourth tier Safa Nkangala Region League. “We want Safa to investigate the incident. The police must also be involved as this is a criminal case,” said Phora. “We have solid evidence of corruption and action has to be taken. We have identified three of the match officials and the club owner in that video, and we have informed the Safa regional office about the incident. “Safa must protect our football from these unscrupulous people who want to gain promotion to the higher league through illegal methods. We do report cases to Safa, but they never see the light of day. This time, we want them exposed.” Safa Nkangala region official, Linda Zwane, has confirmed knowledge of the incident. But he said his office was still awaiting a formal submission from Young Madrid before the football association could commence with official investigation. Formal complaints must be accompanied by a fee of R2 000 for investigation purposes. “I told the club to follow proper procedure for action to be taken against anyone,” said Zwane. “We are willing and are ready to deal with cases of this nature. But we need clubs to work with us. We often receive normal complaints and nothing official. “It is usually at this time of the season when such cases are raised. But such incidents are not good for football image. We have to rid our game of corruption. Games must be won fairly on the pitch.” 