BONGMUSA Mthembu is set to face similar foes as he vies for a third successive Comrades Marathon title this year. Still fresh from his fantastic win at the Two Oceans last month, Mthembu has barely taking a breather from the ultra-marathons. He will headline the 94th Comrades on 9 June, competing against the likes of formers winners, Gift Kelehe, David Gatebe and Ludwick Mamabolo, the Comrades Marathon Association (CMA) has confirmed. But many eyes will undoubtedly be on Mthembu, following his sparkling performances in the marathon in the last two races. He became the first athlete since the legendary Bruce Fordyce (1988) to win back-to-back races. Now the 34-year-old is determined to become the first athlete since Stephen Muzhingi to win the race three times in a row. However, the KwaZulu-Natal athlete is not the only main contender. MTHEMBU’S CHALLENGERS: Gift Kelehe The 38-year-old is eager to return to the winner’s circle after romping to victory in the 2015 edition. Kelehe fancies the Up Run and will be looking to add to his haul of six gold medals. The hills of Dullstroom will provide a stern test for Kelehe as he prepares for another crack at the title along with champion coach, John Hamlett. David Gatebe David Gatebe managed to sneak into the top ten last year with an eighth-place finish at the Moses Mabhida Stadium. He will have fresh memories of his last Up Run which did not go to plan, claiming a silver medal in a time of 6:12. The record-breaking achievements from 2016 catapulted his career and he knows a win in 2019 will further cement his status as a Comrades great. Ludwick Mamabolo The 2019 edition will mark seven years since Ludwick Mamabolo claimed his only Comrades victory. He has collected another four gold medals since, taking his tally to seven. Mamabolo finished fourth in the 2017 Up Run and the man from Limpopo will be desperate to add an Up Run title to his name. Steven Way The British athlete reached the podium last year, coming home third behind Joseph Mphuthi for his second gold medal. Way is a seasoned ultra-marathoner with victories at the World 50km Championships and the Stockholm 100km under his belt. His Up Run PB is 5:49 and he will have to shave a fair amount off that time to get into genuine contention. He is a massive fan of the Comrades and will arrive in South Africa with his game face on. Joseph Mphuthi