Orlando Pirates’ Thembinkosi Lorch was the star of the night at Sunday night’s PSL Awards in Durban as he walked away with the two prestigious awards taking the 2018/19 Footballer of the Season together with Absa Premiership Player’s Player of the Season. Footballer of the Season is voted exclusively by the 16 coaches in the Absa Premiership while the Player’s Player is voted by players (players are not allowed to vote for their teammate). Lorch has been a revelation this season and was instrumental in Orlando Pirates’ push for the Absa Premiership title together with their advances in the Telkom Knockout. He was facing competition from Mamelodi Sundowns duo Hlompho Kekana, who came second, and Themba Zwane who finished third in both categories. In the third category where the trio was nominated again – Absa Premiership Midfielder of the Season – it was Kekana’s turn to take first prize. Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane won the Absa Premiership Coach of the Season for the second year in a row after guiding Mamelodi Sundowns to a successful defence of the Absa Premiership title. Vincent Pule’s goal against Polokwane City on the last day of the Absa Premiership was voted by the public as the Absa-lutely Awesome Goal of the Season. Peter Leeuwenburgh, the Cape Town City goalkeeper who has been outstanding this season, was voted as the MTN8 Last Man Stadium for his role in helping his team win the MTN8 trophy. There was recognition for another goalkeeper in Baroka’s Elvis Chipezeze who took home the Telkom Knockout Player of the Tournament. In the Nedbank Cup category, champions TS Galaxy were the biggest winners in both categories. TS Galaxy’s Zakhele Lepasa walked away with Nedbank Cup Player of the Tournament. His teammate Terrence Mashego won Nedbank Cup Most Promising Player of the Tournament.SuperSport United’s Teboho Mokoena won the Absa Premiership Young Player of the Season award. In the MultiChoice Diski categories, Bloemfontein Celtic keeper, Sipho Chaine won Diski Challenge Most Precious find while Lamontville Golden Arrow’s Siboniso Conco won the Diski Shield Player of the Tournament. FULL LIST: WINNERS FOOTBALLER OF THE SEASON Footballer of the Season: Thembinkosi Lorch (Orlando Pirates) ABSA PREMIERSHIP Absa Premiership Player’s Player of the Season: Thembinkosi Lorch (Orlando Pirates) Absa Premiership Coach of the Season: Pitso Mosimane (Mamelodi Sundowns) Absa Premiership Young Player of the Season: Teboho Mokoena (SuperSport United) Absa Premiership Goalkeeper of the Season: Ronwen Williams (SuperSport United) Absa Premiership Defender of the Season: Ricardo Nascimento (Mamelodi Sundowns) Absa Premiership Midfielder of the Season: Hlompho Kekana (Mamelodi Sundowns) Absa-lutely Awesome Goal of the Season Vincent Pule (Orlando Pirates) MTN8: MTN8 Last Man Standing: Peter Leeuwenburgh (Cape Town City) TELKOM KNOCKOUT Telkom Knockout Player of the Tournament Elvis Chipezeze (Baroka FC) NEDBANK CUP Nedbank Cup Most Promising Player: Terrence Mashego (TS Galaxy) Nedbank Cup Player of the Tournament: Zakhele Lepasa (TS Galaxy) MULTICHOICE DISKI MultiChoice Diski Challenge Most Precious Find: Sipho Chaine (Bloemfontein Celtic) MultiChoice Diski Shield Player of the Tournament: Siboniso Conco (Lamontville Golden Arrows) MATCH OFFICIALS Referee of the Season: Abongile Tom Assistant Referee of the Season: Emmanuel De Sani 