"Let freedom reign, and let the sun never set on so glorious a human achievement." These were the words of president Cyril Ramaphosa at the election centre on Saturday night. "Let us now work together – black and white, women and men, young and old – to build a South Africa that truly belongs to all who live in it, one which is united, non-racial, non-sexist, democratic and prosperous." Ramaphosa thanked everyone who participated in the elections.  "We pay tribute to the millions who went to the polls to choose the public representatives who will champion their collective interests and help them realise their shared dreams and common aspirations."Many of our people braved the rain and cold to cast the ballots that will determine the future of our country. "In doing so, they reaffirmed the vibrancy of our democracy in an environment of diverse opinions," he said.The president said that after months of campaigning, where political leaders of all persuasions had their say, this week, the people of South Africa have had their say. "We salute the elderly for coming out in their large numbers to vote as they have done in every election since 1994. We were deeply saddened by the passing away of two of our elderly compatriots at voting stations on Wednesday."We send our sincere condolences to the families and friends of Ms Susan Mohanoua Matona from Vanderbijlpark in Sedibeng and Mr Dirk Henry Osche from Elandspoort in Tshwane."We must honour their memories by deepening our democratic culture and defending, with all we have, the right to vote. "We applaud the young people – especially the first time voters – who participated in the elections and took responsibility for their future and that of our country," said Ramaphosa.He said he  was encouraged to observe the hive of activity on social networks where young people were encouraging each other to go and vote. "Our people have spoken – and they have done so clearly and emphatically."They have voted for a united South Africa in which all may realise their potential."They have voted for a more equal society, free from poverty, hunger and want."  