A COFFIN is the place many of us rest for the last time, so it should be special. But mourners are wondering if coffins have to cost three or four times more than it takes to make them. AND THEY’VE FOUND PLACES TO BUY COFFINS FOR LESS. SunLanders know that families can pay anything between R10 000 and R50 000 to undertakers. But the price to make a coffin can be as low as R3 400. Ntokozo Khambule (33) told Daily Sun they bought a coffin from a company that makes them. “We had to make a plan to get the type of coffin we wanted but we couldn’t afford the crazy prices charged by the funeral parlours,” he said. “We bought from the manufacturer and we got the best casket for my uncle for under R10 000.” Sipho Siwela (48) said he realises now that his family were ripped off. “We bought an ordinary coffin for R12 000. Now I hear people buy coffins for much less,” he said. “No wonder people are looking for other places to buy.” Mapaseka Motloung (42) said everybody wants to be buried in a beautiful coffin. “But I don’t know if my family can afford it.” A manufacturer told Daily Sun he doesn’t mind selling directly to the public because he felt sorry for grieving families. “We make the boxes for no more than R6 500. It is sad to see people buying them for double, if not three times, the price.” A manager at a local funeral parlour said they have to make a living and that is why some coffins are so expensive. “There are certain charges we can’t show customers but these coffins aren’t just wood delivered to a hardware store,” he said. “We are running a business. “There are many charges added for coffins. The public may look at it as only a box, but we are rendering a service.” Johan Rousseau, chairman of the Funeral Industry Regulatory Association, said they are aware of manufacturers who sell coffins directly to the public. “We caution the manufacturers not to sell directly to the public because the same public will be left stranded when funeral parlours won’t offer some services because they bought directly from manufacturers,” he said. An inquiry was sent to the consumer commission. At the time of going to print the commission had not responded.