ORLANDO PIRATES midfielder Xola Mlambo is disappointed that they couldn’t end theirseven-year title drought. But he’s promised the Bucs faithful they will bounce back stronger next season. The Soweto giants were pipped to Premiership honours byMamelodi Sundowns for thesecond season in a row, having also beat them to the title last season. Bucs finished second with 57 points from their 30 games, two points behind champions Downs, who finished with 59 tosuccessfully defend their title. Their defeat to Baroka in the final of the Telkom Knockout earlier in the season, wasanother bitter pill to swallow for Pirates. But Mlambo is confident glory days are just around the corner. “It was a good and a badseason for us as we didn’t achieve any of the goals we set for ourselves at the start of the season,” said Mlambo. “Losing in the final of the TKO was disappointing anddemoralising. But we pickedourselves up and marched on. “We fought hard for the league title. Unfortunately, we fell just short there as well. Looking back, we’re proud of the effort we put in throughout the season. “I’m convinced things will get better next season and we’ll give our supporters something tocelebrate.” Mlambo, who made 24 appearances in all competitions this season scoring once and bagging four assists, said he wasn’tsatisfied with his contributions. “I could have done better, but injuries hampered me. These things happen. What matters is how you bounce back.” Mlambo said he was thrilled to see his teammates Thembinkosi Lorch, Innocent Maela and Ben Motshwari made it to the Bafana Bafana 30-man provisional squad for the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Egypt. The star was happy to see his midfield partner and formerBidvest Wits teammateMotshwari finally made the cut. Mlambo said: “He deserves it. I feel it was long overduebecause he’s been one of thebetter midfielders in the country. “It’s also a good thing to see your teammates gettingrewarded for the hard work they put in. It shows there’ssomething good we’re doing as a team.”