 LACK of development has been pinned on rampant corruption in government. Although the ruling ANC has promised to read the riot act to implicated members, most of them are still on the list for parliament. We put this question to the following political parties, and below is how they responded. We also put this question to the EFF, but the party did not respond. QUESTION 6 Why do acts of corruption among government officials not lead to criminal prosecution? The problem is that corrupt, politically connected government officials are in charge. The solution lies with the electorate voting out a government that’s not doing enough to prosecute corrupt officials and to choose a new party that will clean the rot. COPE  Well, a corrupt government can’t arrest itself – it benefits from the corruption. During their manifesto launch in March President Mosiuoa Lekota said should his party be voted into government, it will fight corruption and ensure clean governance. ANC  As indicated the ANC, under the leadership of President Cyril Ramaphosa, is committed to fighting corruption, even if it means investigating acts of corruption that may expose its own members. The ANC is committed to the country, not the party. A number of investigations are under way. We’d have more if more information or evidence was brought forward. Already, the NPA is empowered by President Cyril Ramaphosa to prosecute people and cases that are subject to ongoing investigations. We’re serious about pursuing the fight against corruption, no matter who’s involved. We’ll also pursue corruption in the private sector. We want clean governance in the country as a whole. That’s why even the Steinhoff case is under our watchful eye. We’re strengthening laws and law enforcement agencies to intensify the fight against corruption.  DA  The DA is of the view that delayed prosecution of government officials lies squarely at the feet of the ANC. The governing party can’t self-correct, and it fails to act on the crooks and criminals within the party. The DA has always acted strongly against those who’re found guilty of corruption, whether internally or externally. We’re committed to rooting out corruption, and a DA national government will sentence anyone guilty of stealing the public’s money to 15 years in prison.  UDM  This happens, in part, because of cadre deployment. Why would any ruling party politician rat out their comrades, especially if they have a few skeletons of their own in the closet? It’s a complex web of tit-for-tat and political patronage. Another problem is lack of political will: a classic example of this is Minister Bathabile Dlamini. She was caught out in the Sassa mess, yet she remains the women’s minister in the Presidency. The UDM believes there should be an arm of the judiciary, including specialised courts, that solely attend to corruption in the civil service. This will ensure that political manoeuvring plays no role in protecting corrupt officials.