MARITZBURG United are determined to retain their top flight status after surviving automatic relegation by the skin of their teeth on the final day of the season. The Team of Choice, who finished second from bottom in the Absa Premiership, have another chance to fight for their top flight status through the promotional play-offs. They will do battle with Royal Eagles and Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila, who finished second and third in the National First Division (NFD), respectively. Eric Tinkler’s charges start their promotional play-offs campaign with a KwaZulu-Natal derby against Eagles at the Harry Gwala Stadium on Sunday (3pm). Eagles already have the upper hand, having got the better of TTM 1-0 in the first match at home on Wednesday. The NFD runners up will move a step closer to realising their dream of earning a spot in the top flight should they beat their neighbours Maritzburg at the weekend. Tinkler and his charges, though, will be eager to get off to a perfect start as they look to ensure that their efforts of sneaking into the play-offs were not in vain. “So far, our preparations leading into the play-offs are going very well,” said Tinkler. “I think the players are ready and understand the importance of us getting a positive result against Royal Eagles in our first match. “The mood in camp has been very good, the response from players on the field has been exceptional and I think they are well aware of the importance of us getting through the play-offs, even though we know it’s going to be extremely tough.” Tinkler believes their fans will play a huge role against Eagles, creating an atmosphere from which the players will feed off. The Team of Choice will be hoping to start the play-offs the same way the finished their PSL season, playing with high intensity and enthusiasm. “We obviously have a very important game at home on Sunday and we rely on our 12th man, which is our fans, who have been fantastic in the period that I have been here,” added Tinkler. “We hope they come out to support the boys again at the weekend. I think it’s very important that they come there and do exactly what they have been doing in all our home games, hopefully we can make them proud.”