HELALIA Johannes is fast stealing the shine from South African middle-distance runners following her heroics during the opening Spar Women’s 10km Challenge in Port Elizabeth last week. Johannes, who hails from Namibia, came from nowhere to win the race in a fast 31:50 – the fastest time ever in a women’s race in the Friendly City and is expected to continue with her fine form during the second leg of the race in Cape Town on 26 May. Another debutate athlete from outside of the South Afrcan shores is Tadu Teshome Nare (Nedbank Athletics Club), who finds herself among the top three in the Spar race leaderboard. The first six runners in Port Elizabeth all earned bonus points for running faster than the winning time of 33.45 last year. The 28-year-old darling of last year’s Grand Prix events, Kesa Molotsane, from Free State, who runs is the colours of Murray & Roberts) is placed third on the board. Three-times SPAR Grand Prix winner Irvette van Zyl (Nedbank) is in fifth position, with 26 points and last year’s Grand Prix winner, Glenrose Xaba (Boxer) in ninth place, with 12 points. Glenrose told SunSport that her intention is to successfully defend her Grand Prix Challenge. “I would rather skip some of the race in preparation for the Women’s Challenge. This race has been good to me and now I am enjoying it. Look, at this stage I have injury and would miss the FNB 10 Cape Town in preparation for Spar,” said Xaba. The top 20 runners in the six SPAR 10km Women’s Challenge races earn Grand Prix points according to where they come in each of the races. Bonus points are earned by beating the time set in the previous race. Last year, the only person to earn bonus points was Van Zyl, who earned bonus points with her emphatic victory in the Joburg Challenge, just weeks after giving birth to her second son. The age categories – Bulelwa Simae (Nedbank) tops the 40-49 leaderboard – with five points. Comrades Marathon gold medallist Grace de Oliviera (Boxer) is the leader in the 50-59 category, while Margie Saunders (Nedbank) is top of the 60+ category. The juniors will only run four of the six races – in Cape Town, Durban, Tshwane and Joburg. In the club competition, Nedbank lead the table with 129 points, followed by Maxed Elite with 59 points and Boxer on third place with 46 points.