THE leadership and coaches of both camps were unanimous that Stormers captain Siya Kolisi made the right decision when he directed Jean-Luc du Plessis to kick the last-gasp penalty that earned his team a draw against Crusaders at Newlands on Saturday. The Stormers were pressing for the win and had just been denied by millimetres what would have been a match-winning try when the ball bounced awkwardly on the line. That was when Damian Willemse tried to chase down a well directed cross kick from Du Plessis. Referee Nic Berry had been playing advantage and called the players back for a penalty. With the Crusaders leading 19-16, Kolisi was faced with a tricky dilemma. The penalty was in an easily kickable position and with time effectively up on the stadium clock, a successful kick would guarantee the draw. But while a draw meant a solitary extra log point to go with the one they already guaranteed by not being more than seven behind, a win would have netted an extra three points. Kolisi had to weigh up the Stormers’ chances of succeeding where they had failed earlier, and most notably when they were pressing for a win against the Brumbies four weeks ago and messed up the last attacking lineout. For opposing captain Sam Whitelock it was a no-brainer. “I thought it was a smart move by them to guarantee the two points given where their conference stands at the moment. In terms of the conference, and what they need, it made a lot of sense,” said Whitelock. According to Kolisi and his coach Robbie Fleck, however, the decision was about more than just the two log points. It was about making sure that the Stormers got something out of a game where for the most part they gave as good as they got. “It was a bit of an empty feeling in our change room afterwards as we really wanted to win,” said Kolisi. “We needed to get something out of it. We need to use this now. We can’t now just not turn up against the Highlanders. We need to take the confidence we gained from this game into the remaining games.” “We could have won had Damian been able to dot down the ball when presented with that opportunity near the end but we are happy with the draw,” said Fleck. – SPORT24