Kaizer Chiefs saw their winless streak in the Absa Premiership stretched to five matches on Saturday after being held to a 1-1 draw by stragglers Free State Stars at Mbombela Stadium. After a goalless first half, the match sprang to life when Sibusiso Hlubi fired Stars in front in the 53rd minute. Daniel Cardoso levelled matters from the penalty spot in the 65th minute, but Chiefs were unable to add a second in the remaining minutes as they were forced to settle for a share of the spoils. The first half was a fairly evenly contested affair, with neither side able to grab the game by the scruff of the neck and dominate proceedings. Stars created the first noteworthy chance of the game but the chance came to nothing as Patrick Phungwayo saw his long-range effort fly harmlessly over the bar. Chiefs hit back with a chance of their own in the 11th minute but Leonardo Castro could only manage to find the side netting from a tight angle. After a brief lull in play, Chiefs had another chance to break the deadlock in the 20th minute, only for Bernard Parker to fire over the crossbar after being teed up by Castro. Chiefs best chance of the first half fell to Siphosakhe Ntiya-Ntiya in the 36th minute, but Badra Sangare was alert to the danger as he kept out the long-range strike. Stars had a great chance of their own on the strike of half-time as Sibusiso Hlubi lined up a free-kick on the edge of the box. However, Hlubi's shot was brilliantly saved by Bruce Bvuma, who tipped the ball over the bar. However, the visitors weren't to be denied in the 53rd minute as Hlubi fired into an unguarded net following a defensive mix-up in the Chiefs box. Chiefs redoubled their efforts after conceding the first goal and were awarded a penalty just past the hour mark after Castro went down in the area. Cardoso stepped up to take the spot-kick and made no mistake, calmly slotting the ball in the back of the net to restore parity. Stars briefly threatened to reclaim the lead in the 75th minute, but an unmarked Tchilimbou somehow failed to hit the target with a headed effort. And it was Amakhosi who ended the match on the front foot, close to snatching a second goal on more than one occasion. Khama Billiat and Dumisani Zuma saw later efforts saved by Sangare, before Makhehlene Makhaula headed just wide of the mark in the 83rd minute. However, Chiefs were unable to breach an obstinate Stars defence in the closing stages of the contest as the visitors held on valiantly to claim a valuable point. - Sport24