ONLY one man comes to mind when you think of Barcelona’s 2018/19 LaLiga title success. Yet it was not only Lionel Messi who brought the eighth title in 11 years for Barca, but different players have stepped up at different times in both defence and attack for the triumphant side. Kgomotso Sethusha looks at five key men behind their League success. LIONEL MESSI Of course, Messi leads the list. As captain of the team and the man finished as the season’s top scorer – earning himself a sixth Pichichi trophy to equal Telmo Zarra’s record.As a generator of attacking play and a finisher as well, he was a nightmare for defences across the league this season, just as he has been for over a decade. GERARD PIQUÉ This may have been Piqué’s best ever season. The centre-back has reached a new level of consistency in his defensive play and has been the solid rock at the back. By playing every single minute of the first 29 matchdays, something no other outfielder in the division managed to do, the 32-year-old has demonstrated that his reliability is beyond doubt. ARTURO VIDAL Vidal has never been a consistent starter for the team, but has been used at some point in almost every game and proven himself as an important cog in the machine. Incredibly, he’ll be collecting a league winner’s medal for the eighth consecutive season, having previously won four in a row in Italy and three in a row in Germany. LUIS SUÁREZ Messi’s out-of-this-world goal tallies often overshadow the fact that Suárez also posts incredible goalscoring numbers. As well as his goals, Suárez’s off-the-ball work has also been vital as he often frees up space for Messi by dragging defenders out of position. MARC-ANDRÉ TER STEGEN He may not be in line to win the Zamora Award for the goalkeeper with the best goals conceded statistics, but the eye test has shown that ter Stegen has been as good as ever in 2018/19. Alongside Atletico de Madrid’s Jan Oblak, ter Stegen is a serious candidate for the title of best goalie in the world right now. 