 EFF leader Julius Malema is to be summoned by the South
African Human Rights Commission (SAHRC) to testify at its inquiry into the
Alexandra protests, for encouraging his supporters to illegally occupy land. The inquiry was formed after Alexandra residents embarked on
violent protests in the township in April demanding improved services. The decision to request Malema's attendance was made after
Gauteng Human Settlements MEC Uhuru Moiloa completed his department's testimony
at the commission's head offices in Braamfontein, Johannesburg on Wednesday. "We will extend our invitation to the EFF [leader] to
appear during our next sittings," said SAHRC spokesperson Buang Jones. While EFF commander-in-chief Julius Malema welcomes calls
for his party to be investigated over allegations that it was involved in the
collapse of VBS Mutual Bank, he insists the claims were intended to destroy the
party. Abuse Without mentioning names during his testimony, Moiloa
complained about "a leader of an opposition political party, who calls for
citizens to occupy land". On May 3, outside the Bloemfontein Magistrate's Court,
Malema again called for people to occupy land, EWN reported. It has been a
recurring theme espoused by the EFF leader since the party's inception in July
2013. "His call of driving people to occupy land in an urban
setting is an abuse of human rights of others. What are the future consequences
of controlling sanitation? It puts vulnerable people in a complete inhumane environment, instead of living in the backrooms
where they can wait for proper houses from government. "It is your call and you can invite him. You know who I
am taking about. What kind of statements should be acceptable for politicians
to make?" Moiloa asked. The MEC claimed that empty pieces of land in the south of
Johannesburg and Alexandra had been illegally occupied since the call to occupy
land was made. Moiloa also told the inquiry that a project to build more
homes will be initiated in the province. Each project is expected to deliver 10
000 housing units in the next 10 to 15 years. "In one mega-human settlement, we expect to have a
police station, primary schools, high school, clinics and recreational
facilities," he said. 1-million houses claim He further rubbished earlier media reports that President
Cyril Ramaphosa had promised to build 1 million houses in Alexandra. "The president committed to building one million houses
across the country and not (just) in Alexandra. We can't have a million houses
in Alexandra. It was a misquotation. The media was wrong. The president was
speaking there as the leader of the ANC and not of government. He will still go
back to Alexandra as the President of the Republic," he said. The inquiry was adjourned until June 4. SOURCE: NEWS24