Nine suspects are expected to appear in court after they allegedly looted a truck carrying frozen chickens and setting alight three trucks in Steynsrus, in the Free State. The suspects were among a mob of residents of Matloangtloang in Steynsrus, who embarked on violent service delivery protests in the area. Protesters who were demonstrating along the R76 road linking Steynsrus and Kroonstad on 11 April. They allegedly attacked the three trucks that were passing on the road and burnt them and one of the trucks was used to block the road. A driver of one of the trucks sustained minor injuries. Police spokesperson Captain Stephen Thakeng said while on the scene, protesters then managed to open one of the trucks carrying frozen chickens and looted it. Thakeng said cases of public violence, malicious damage to property and arson were registered and were investigated by the executive structure unit.  An investigation led to the arrests of nine male suspects in Matloangtloang. They will appear in the Lindley Magistrate's Court on Monday.  The Cluster Commander of Kroonstad, Brigadier Mapulane Mbeloane applauded the executive structure unit for their investigation which led to these arrests.  She further said these arrests will sent a clear cut message that crime does not pay.  On April 15, four men and a woman were arrested after they allegedly threw stones on passing cars on the R76 road. The suspects were among a group of people who had taken to the road demonstrating in the area again.  Thakeng said a group of residents from the Matloangtloang, allegedly barricaded the road with stones and attacked passing vehicles and set alight tyres plastic water tanks plastic. A double cab bakkie was damaged with stones and the incident was reported to the police.  Later that day, protesters then charged at houses belonging to local police officers and security guards and pelted them with stones. They also attempted to burn a Disability Centre in the area, when the five suspects were arrested for public violence. SOURCE:NEWS24 