BANYANA Banyana are gearing up for their final international friendly match ahead of their maiden appearance at the Fifa Women’s World Cup. The senior national women’s team will lock horns with world champions, the USA at the Levi Stadium in Santa Clara, California (South of San Francisco) on 12 May. The match, which forms part of Banyana’s preparations for the World Cup, will give coach Desiree Ellis a better idea of what her final squad for the tournament should look like. It will also be another opportunity for Banyana to test themselves against a top quality opponent after their rather disappointing showing at the Cyprus Cup in March. Banyana have been pitted in a tough Group B with Spain, Germany and China. They will play their opening match of the competition against Spain at Stade Océane in Le Havre on 8 June. Midfielder Karabo Dhlamini, who is eager to impress and book her ticket to France next month, is itching at the opportunity to test herself against the best team in the world. “There is a lot of excitement among the girls as the tournament edges closer and everyone is eager to impress,” said Dhlamini “We have played a couple of games against top quality sides and we are looking forward to playing against the best. “Such games are important, especially leading up to a big tournament because they give us a clear idea of where we need to improve as a team. “But we are heading into the game without any fear because at the end of the day, it’s 11 against 11.” The 17-year-old Tembisa born Dhlamini, who already has a world cup under her belt having represented Bantwana at the Fifa Women’s Under-17 World Cup in Uruguay, said it would be a dream come true to represent Banyana at the biggest stage. “We are all working hard to be in the final World Cup squad because this is an opportunity of a lifetime for most of us,” added Dhlamini. “Personally, I would be extremely pleased to make the cut because not many players get the chance to represent their country at the highest level, both at junior and senior level. There are a lot of lessons I learnt at the last World cup with Bantwana that I hope will put me in good stead should I make the final team.”