THE SA under-20 national team are determined to get their Fifa U-20 World Cup campaign back on track following a controversial defeat in their opening match against Argentina. Amajita were beaten 5-2 by the Albicelestes at the weekend in a match they will want to quickly forget. The defeat meant that Thabo Senong’s charges now have little room for error and can’t afford to drop more points in their remaining two games as they look to secure a spot in the knockout stages. They take on Korea Republic at the Stadion Miejski in Tychy on Tuesdaytonight (8.30pm SA Time) in the first of their two crucial remaining group matches. Three points for Amajita against the Asians, who also lost their opener against Portugal, would enhance their chances of earning a top two finish in Group F. Defeat for either side, though, would all but end any hope of progressing to the next stage of the biennial international men’s youth football championship. Argentina sit top of the standings with three points along with Portugal while Korea Republic and Amajita are third and fourth respectively. The last time the SA juniors reached the knockout stages of this tournament was in 2009 in Egypt where they finished in a record high 15th place out of 24 teams. Amajita midfielder Leo Thethani, who plays in the Dutch Eerste Divisie with Ajax Amsterdam’s reserve team, says they are still confident that they can progress to the next stage of the World Cup. “We will give Korea Republic and Portugal a run for their money because we want to show the people back home that we are capable of achieving great things,” said the former Ajax Cape Town youngster. “I believe we will get the six points we need from the two games to go to the next round because we have prepared well, we have done our homework.” The 20-year-old from Khayelitsha in the Western Cape missed both the Cosafa Youth Championship and the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) for Amajita through injury. He is grateful to have made the cut for the World Cup and is hoping to excel. Thethani came on as a substitute against the Albicelestes in the first match and gave a solid performance, winning a penalty which was converted by Lyle Foster. “We wanted to win the match, unfortunately things didn’t go our way with the penalty we conceded and the red card which killed our spirit, but we kept on going and believing that we could come back.”