KAIZER Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp does not entertain any thoughts of resigning if his charges fail to win the Nedbank Cup on Saturday (7pm). Amakhosi face National First Division (NFD) outfit TS Galaxy in the Ke Yona final at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium, where over 55 000 fans are expected to pack the World Cup venue. Having failed to qualify for the MTN8 Cup for the first time in 12 years, this is the last chance for Chiefs to end their four- year trophy drought. The Soweto giants finished the Absa Premiership season in a disappointing ninth position on 39 points from 30 matches. Chiefs are still smarting from a shocking 1-0 defeat to Chippa United, who saved their PSL status at their expense in their last fixture of the season. Said Middendorp: “Don’t approach me with if, if, if. I think if you want to write something about “if” and what my options are if (I fail to win the cup), then just do it. “Don’t expect an answer from my side because we have a very clear target to win this cup and that’s what we are doing.” However, Middendorp is still feeling the heat after a disappointing season. “Life is always difficult in soccer if you lose a game. It’s not about finishing in a position you didn’t target. It’s always difficult situation with the run of the league with a brand of Kaizer Chiefs. I am not thinking about anything else, but to win this cup.” The German-born mentor has preferred to play his cards close to his chest to avoid further disappointment on Saturday. “It’s not my style (to discuss opponent with media), I haven’t done it before. We have observed them (TS Galaxy) and seen them (in action). We started preparing on Sunday morning and hopefully we will get players who are highly committed on the field on Saturday evening, being able to handle the pressure,” he said. Middendorp will shout instructions from the bench without his assistant Shaun Bartlett, who was sent off against Chippa. “After 12 minutes the fourth referee came to me, I was not even standing up, he said do you know your players need you or you want to go to the stands? “I asked him four times, can you repeat this? I don’t know what you mean. I don’t understand (his sent off) until now. I feel sorry for Shaun, but he will be fully involved and very supportive (on Saturday),” added Middendorp. 