Cape
Town - South Africa's star athlete Caster Semenya on Wednesday said the
decision by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CSA) to maintain IAAF rules
forcing female athletes to regulate their testosterone levels will not hold her
back. "For
a decade the IAAF has tried to slow me down, but this has actually made me
stronger. The decision of the CAS will not hold me back," she said in a
statement released by her legal team. The
double Olympic champion went to court to fight rules imposed by the
International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) that compel
"hyperandrogenic" athletes - or those with "differences of
sexual development" (DSD) - to lower their testosterone levels if they
wish to compete as women. The
statement said she was "pleased" to note that the three judges
admitted that the IAAF's regulations are "discriminatory against certain
women". But
she was disappointed that they went ahead and concluded that the targeted
discrimination was necessary. "I
know that the IAAF’s regulations have always targeted me specifically,"
she said. The
statement said Semenya believes that the regulations "will be
overturned", but it was not immediately clear if she will appeal the
court's decision. She
has 30 days to appeal, in a challenge that would be heard by the Swiss Federal
Tribunal. Full statement from Caster
Semenya's legal team below: Caster
Semenya is pleased that a unanimous CAS Panel of three arbitrators confirmed
that the IAAF’s DSD Regulations are in fact discriminatory against certain
women. Ms Semenya is, however, disappointed that two of the three arbitrators
concluded that such targeted discrimination is necessary. Ms Semenya is
reviewing the decision with her legal team and considering whether to file an
appeal. Ms
Semenya shares the view of the dissenting CAS arbitrator that the DSD
Regulations are unnecessary. Women with differences in sexual development have
genetic variations that are conceptually no different than other genetic
variations that are celebrated in sport. The IAAF’s basis for discriminating
against these women is their natural genetic variations. Ms Semenya believes
that women like her should be respected and treated as any other athlete. As is
typically the case across sport, her unique genetic gift should be celebrated,
not regulated. Ms
Semenya also agrees with the concerns expressed by the unanimous CAS panel
about: (i) difficulties implementing and complying with the DSD Regulations;
(ii) the absence of concrete evidence supporting the inclusion of certain
events under the DSD Regulations; and (iii) the negative and harmful side
effects of medical treatment experienced by athletes subject to the DSD
Regulations who wish to continue in women’s competition. Ms
Semenya believes that the dissenting CAS arbitrator will be shown to be correct
and the DSD Regulations will be overturned. In the interim, Ms Semenya believes
that it is irresponsible for the IAAF to proceed with the implementation of the
DSD Regulations in circumstances where the CAS decision makes it abundantly
clear that there are serious problems with the Regulations that need to be
carefully considered and the DSD Regulations will unquestionably cause harm to
the women affected by them. Ms
Semenya encourages the IAAF to commission a team of fully independent experts
to produce an unbiased assessment of the need for and methods of regulation
before implementing what she believes are harmful rules that will negatively
impact the well-being of athletes around the world. Critically, Ms Semenya is
not alone in this view, and has been supported by the United Nations Human
Rights Council and three United Nations Special Rapporteurs (who filed an
amicus brief supporting her appeal), as well as independent medical,
scientific, legal and other experts from around the world. Ms
Semenya will continue her efforts to ensure fair competition for women and to
protect other women like her from unfair discrimination. She stated: “I know
that the IAAF’s regulations have always targeted me specifically. For a decade
the IAAF has tried to slow me down, but this has actually made me stronger. The
decision of the CAS will not hold me back. I will once again rise above and
continue to inspire young women and athletes in South Africa and around the
world.” Caster
Semenya expresses her deep gratitude to the international team of advisors that
assisted her in her CAS case, and to the South African government, to the South
African public, to the generous donors who have supported her, and to others
around the world who have shown their support in these challenging times. SOURCE:
NEWS24