EVERYBODY KNOWS that amagundwane are horrible big rats that eat your clothes and mess up you place.But Professor Gaddafi is offering dumb “investors” an overnight fortune if they invest in his money-rat scheme.AND THE ONLY ONE WHO MAKES MONEY IS THE PROFESSOR HIMSELF! For only R150, Professor Gaddafi’s poster promises a spiritual money rat that can bring you anything up to R400 000! The promise is that the fortune will be delivered by the money rat every single day! Daily Sun heard about the advert from people who said they were struggling financially and thought this was their easiest way out. “I’ve been unemployed for a long time,” said Lindelani Mhlungu (46), from Evaton in the Vaal. “I have three kids. I thought if I could get that R400 000 just once, my life would change for the better.” He said he spoke to the professor on the phone. “I deposited the money and I’ve been waiting for my rat. It’s been three days but I’ve received nothing,” he said. Mthunzi Mkhize (39) from Lehae, Joburg said he didn’t trust the scheme. “But I thought, what is R150? I told myself if it’s a scam, at least it’s nothing much.” He said he too sent the money but no rat came. “I’m still broke,” said Mthunzi. Syabonga Duduza (50) said: “My wife told me to buy mealie-meal with the R150 but I told her with R400 000 we’d be buying a lot of groceries – not just mealie-meal.” He said he should have listened to his wife. “I don’t know what we’re going to eat tonight. I haven’t got pap and I haven’t got a rat.” Cultural expect Mangezi Dlamini from Soweto said there’s no such thing as a money rat. “People should stop believing these things just because they are desperate. Some people will always take advantage of poor people,” he said. “If a rat could give you money why wouldn’t the professor make a fortune for himself?” he asked. He said that people might think R150 was nothing but they should think of how much the fake professor was making. “If a hundred people pay him he is making good money!” Police told Daily Sun that those affected should go to the police station and report the matter. Many calls the People’s Paper made to the number supplied went unanswered.