THUMBS up to Renault for having improved its top-selling model range, the KWID, with ABS brakes. Since the KWID’s launch in 2016 it was an instant hit in Mzansi and has taken the market by storm with monthly sales exceeding expectation. To date, the French carmaker has sold more than 20 000 units. Soon after its launch, the KWID’s safety credentials, especially its lack of ABS brakes, put it on the spot.  Renault has addressed this shortcomings with the introduction of the ABS system across all the KWID derivatives. These include the Expression, Dynamique and Climber trims.  A3 its predecessor, the new KWID comes with a driver’s airbag. The KWID now also has seat belt warning functionality that alerts occupants to buckle up through a consistent flashing light and an alarm as a safety precaution. Like before, the KWID is still powered by a 1,0-litre three-cylinder engine which is good for 51kW and 91Nm.  Renault claims this engine is efficient and paired to a five-speed manual gearbox fuel consumption with a 4,7-litre/100 km and 4,4-litre/100km auto transmission. Buyers are attracted to the KWID’s distinctive SUV-like appearance and high ground clearance of 180mm. It offers a high driving position and greater visibility. This makes the KWID ideal for zipping around in urban traffic or cruising down the open highway.  Boot space is a decent 300-litres, which is quite generous for this tiny city car. Renault also lures consumers with an array of standard features, including electric windows at the front, power steering and air-conditioning.  Dynamique and Climber models also come with an innovative touch-screen multimedia system with a range of functionality like Bluetooth audio streaming and hands-free telephony. The system has also been upgraded with an Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. With Renault’s entire product range, the KWID comes standard with a five-year/150 000km mechanical warranty and two-year service plan. For peace of mind, the new KWID range still offers a value-added one-year comprehensive insurance cover.