FORMER Ghana captain Asamoah Gyan has been included in team's provisional squad for the Africa Cup of Nations finals in Egypt. On Monday Gyan announced his retirement from the national team before reversing that decision a day later after an intervention by Ghana's President Nana Akufo-Addo. Gyan, the Black Stars all-time leading goal scorer, initially quit in a row over the captaincy of the team.Coach Kwasi Appiah has not announced who will captain the side in Egypt. Gyan has not featured for the national side since September 2017 after persistent injury problems and has also struggled for game-time at Kayserispor. He said his desire to help Ghana win Afcon "still burns strong" and he remains "committed to serving this great nation and the people of Ghana".The 29-man provisional squad also includes three locally-based player. Manchester City youngster Thomas Agyepong, who played on loan at Scottish side Hibernian last season, has also been called up. The Ghana Football Association also added several names to its technical team for the Nations Cup including Sellas Tetteh who coached the country's under-20 team to win the 2009 World Cup, in Egypt. Tetteh and former under-17 Ghana coach David Duncan will both act as scouts for the Black Stars in Egypt. The team will depart Accra 1 June for pre-tournament preparations in Dubai. Ghana's provisional squad: Goalkeepers: Richard Ofori (Maritzburg United, South Africa, Lawrence Ati- Zigi (Sochaux, Montbeliard, France), and Felix Annan (Asante Kotoko). Defenders: John Boye (Metz, France), Andy Yiadom (Reading, England), Abdul Baba Rahman (Reims, France), Lumor Agbenyenu (Goztepe A.S, Turkey), Kassim Nuhu, (Hoffeinham, Germany,) Jonathan Mensah (Columbus Crew SC, USA), Joseph Aidoo (Genk, Belguim), Nuhu Musa (St Gallen, Switzerland), Joseph Attamah (Istanbul Basaksehir, Turkey), Mohammed Alhassan (Hearts of Oak) Midfielders: Mubarak Wakaso (Deportivo Alaves, Spain), Thomas Partey (Atletico Madrid, Spain), Kwadwo Asamoah (Inter Milan), Ebenezer Ofori (New York FC, USA), Afriyie Acquah (Empoli, Italy), Andre Ayew (Fenerbache, Turkey), Christian Atsu (Newcastle United, England), Samuel Owusu (Cukaricki, Serbia), Thomas Agyepong (Manchester City, England), Yaw Yeboah (Numancia, Spain), Abdul Fatawu (Asante Kotoko) Strikers: Asamoah Gyan (Kayserispor, Turkey), Jordan Ayew (Crystal Palace, England), Abdul Majeed Waris (Nantes, France), Caleb Ekuban (Trabzonspor, Turkey) Kwabena Owusu (Leganes, Spain)