NEVER give up! This is the message of encouragement Royal Eagles coach Sazi Ngubane offered to his team ahead of their last promotional play-offs clash against rivals Maritzburg United in a KwaZulu Natal derby at Chatsworth Stadium on Wednesday. Ngubane made this statement after his side suffered a 2-1 defeat to Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila in the play-offs clash played at Thohoyandou Stadium on Saturday. Although, Eagles chances of gaining promotion are slim, Ngubane says they won’t throw in the towel. Eagles are on three points the same as Tshakhuma and both are left with only one game against United. Both teams trail Maritzburg by three points and Eric Tinkler’s team still have two games to play. “The chances are too small, I have to be honest,” said Ngubane. “Mathematically we still have a chance, but we have to work more harder. We are not going to give up and we will fight until the end. This is what I tell my players.” However, Ngubane knows that a defeat will surely ensure Maritzburg are back in the land of milk and honey. He added: “We don’t stand a chance if we lose on Wednesday. But we are going to our last game with a positive mind and we are optimistic that we will get a win. This is football anything is possible.” The last time Eagles met The Team of Choice they lost 1-0 two weeks ago. On their defeat to Tshakhuma, Ngubane said he blames his team’s slow start to the match. “We were so shaky at the back and we conceded early. I don’t know why, because we spoke about this the whole week. Tshakhuma scored two goals in first three minutes and they parked the bus and made things difficult for us.” He added: “Now, we must get things right against an experienced Maritzburg side and avoid these kind of mistakes. We must not concede and ensure we score as many goals possible to keep our promotion hopes alive.” He said: “ It will not be right for me to say we have a chance. But we are not going to Maritzburg(on Saturday) for a holiday. Maritzburg are playing Eagles on Wednesday and anything can happen. But we are going to fight for the last win for the club and the fans who have been supporting us throughout the season. It will be good to end with a win.”