THE Audi Q8 brings together the best of both worlds. The elegance of a four-door luxury coupe and the practical talents of a large sport utility vehicle (SUV). The Audi Q8 exudes sporty dynamics and upscale prestige like no other SUV from the brand. with the four rings. 4.99 meters long, 2.00 meters wide and 1.71 meters tall, The SUV coupe is wider, shorter and lower than its Q7 sister model. With a wheelbase of nearly 3.00 meters,It offers a spacious interior that beats that of its direct competitors in most relevant dimensions, including interior length and headroom. The three-seat system in the rear can be slid forward and backward as desired. With the seat backrests folded down, the luggage compartment under the power rear hatch holds up to 1,755 litres. New presence for the Q family: the exterior design The Audi Q8 is an impressive representative of the progressive design language that Audi first brought onto the road with the new A8 and will follow into all new future Audi models. With the imposing Singleframe in octagonal design, the Audi Q8 is the new face of the Q family. The brawny radiator grille stands upright and, together with the spoiler that has been drawn toward the front and the large, highly contoured air inlets, emphasises the self-confident look. A wide mask optionally finished in a contrasting colour connects the Singleframe to the distinctive headlights. The elegantly sloping roofline terminates in gently inclined D-pillars and rests against the quattro blisters above the wheel arches, which house up to 22-inch wheels. Numerous details echo the design of the Ur-quattro. A narrow, high-gloss black element with an integrated light strip extends between the rear lights. This is a feature of top Audi models, accentuating the width of the Q8. The new Audi Q8 55 TFSI is equipped with a six-cylinder spark-ignition engine with three litres of engine displacement and direct injection that produces 250kW. In the wide rpm range from 1,370 to 4,500 revolutions per minute, it develops a maximum torque of 500 Nm. Thanks to the turbocharged petrol engine, the Audi Q8 sprints from 0 to 100 km/h in 5,9 seconds.