GOLDEN Arrows coach Steve Komphela has lashed out at former Free State Stars mentor Luc Eymael. Komphela has used harsh words on Eymael when he responded to questions from the media about his former club Free State Stars being relegated to the National First Division (NFD). This was after they lost 1-0 loss to Mamelodi Sundowns. Disrespectful, a problem, stupid, ungovernable and a “serious problem”. That’s how Komphela described Eymael, who currently coaches Talaéa El Gash in Egypt. The year-long vendetta between Komphela and Eymael dates back to April last year when the former Kaizer Chiefs coach guided Amakhosi in their Nedbank Cup 2-0 semi-final loss to Stars at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium. The defeat led to Komphela’s departure. In his post-match comments, Eymael said he had been in South Africa for the short time but had already won a cup while others “who have been in football for 15 years”, had not won anything. He also poked fun at Komphela, saying he has never lost to any team that plays a 3-5-2 formation. And now Komphela may be seen by some to be ganging up with Ea Lla Koto coach Nikola Kavazovic in attacking the Belgian. Kavazovic said Eymael left Ea Lla Koto in a “dirty, rubbish state”, which contributed to the club struggles throughout the season leading up their relegation. “Luc must man up and respect other colleagues,” fumed Komphela. “You won’t last longer in football when you are too arrogant. “ We have seen them come and are gone now. To us this thing (Absa Premiership) is sensitive and historical. When I think of Luc Eymael, it just takes me to the history of why Africa was divided into five compartments, it takes me there...” Komphela further argued that Eymael cannot come to South Africa to “divide and rule us, he must just forget it”. “He must keep his corner. “Remember I’m not pointing fingers at people, I’m just looking at his character as man. Luc must just know how to address issues. “Luc must have some diplomacy, it goes a long way to have diplomacy. Maybe before we got to coaching, we need to be examined to check how much IQ and EQ we have.” The Arrows coach emphasised that Eymael has a serious problem: “Akanamthetho (he has no respect”. Umuntu ongenamthetho kumele afakwe emthethweni (when someone is ungovernable, he needs to be put in his place). After winning the Nedbank Cup, he went on to put the gun to the head of Chiefs and SuperSport United that ‘I’m giving you two weeks if you don’t come to me. I’m gone’.” Komphela added: “What arrogance do you have to tell people that ‘they must come and employ me, otherwise I’m gone?’ “Forget that arrogance, which is the disrespect to other people, but what are you saying to the employer? “It is not arrogance, it is stupidity.” Komphela was sad that Ea Lla Koto, the club that helped built his career, has dropped to the lower division. He started his professional football career at Stars in 1989 until 1993 before he left to join Chiefs. He then coached them in 2010 until 2013, guiding them to sixth spot in 2011-12 season.