AFTER an exhausting campaign, the local boxing regulator Boxing South Africa (BSA) will roll out a red carpet for its 2018 stars and honour them for their outstanding work. This will happen tonight at Sandton Convention Centre. Men and women of the fistic sport who are nominated on 15 categories will go head to head for the ultimate accolade in their respective classes. All eyes will be on fighters of the year categories, both male and female, together with trainer of the year category. After continuing with their excellent work from last year, few names are nominated for this year’s award to defend their crowns. They include Bukiwe Nonina (Female boxer of the Year), Colin Nathan (Trainer of the Year), Deon Dwarte (Male ring official of the Year) Phumeza Zinakile (Female ring official of the year), who won last year but are still vying for the accolades. Nathan, who shaped the careers of the country’s top talent, including Moruti Mthalane and Azinga Fuzile, said he is honoured to have been nominated three times in a row. “This is a very humbling experience and I’m grateful to the public for voting me in this platform. “I’m grateful to be here and I love boxing with my heart and soul,’’ After losing out to Mzamo Njekanye at the 2016 South African Boxing Awards ceremony in Durban, Nathan bagged the 2017 award in Port Elizabeth, having beaten competitors Sean Smith, Alan Toweel and Mhikiza Myekeni. A delayed biggest event of boxing calendar is hosted by BSA in conjunction with Gauteng Sport Department and it will form part of Arnold Africa Classics. Among the dignitaries who will grace the glamorous event will be Hollywood star Arnold Schwarzenegger. BSA awards are traditionally hosted between January and February but due to organisational logistics, they were delayed. For the first time in the history of the awards, there will be a professional boxing tournament featuring nominees. Unbeaten national bantamweight champion Ronald Malindi, one of the nominees will put his crown on line against cross town rival Clautus Mbele. On undercard, SA female lightweight title holder Kholosa Ndobayini, nominated for Female Fighter of the Year, meets Eastern Cape’s Xoliswa Jonas. The four-bout showpiece will also feature the Gauteng lightweight championship between Khaya Busakwe and Bradon Naude. On the opening act the flyweight debutants, Given Mpinga and Thami Luthuli will showcase their ring craft on a professional level.