The cops in Polokwane are looking for two unknown women suspected to be involved in the theft of a vehicle. The incident occurred between 30 April and 1 May 2019 at one of the lodges around the City. Police spokesperson Colonel Moatshe Ngoepe said it is alleged that a 54-year-old man had attended a business meeting at this logde on 30 April at about 17:30, when he was apparently approached by two women whom he invited to another lodge in the City. He said the following morning, at about 10:30, the man apparently woke up only to find himself alone in the room, his car keys missing and the door locked. He called for help and he was assisted by the workers. When he went outside, he discovered that his motor vehicle a Charcoal Ford Ranger is missing. His two female companions had also disappeared. The matter was reported to the police who immediately started with the investigations. The preliminary police investigations have revealed that the victim might have been drugged. Ngoepe said this is the second incident in the City of Polokwane following the one which occurred on 23 February 2019  where a motor vehicle was also stolen at an overnight accommodation outside Polokwane. He said on that night, a 44-year-old man booked into the accommodation with a female companion whom he allegedly met earlier around town. Ngoepe also said it is understood that the victim had a drink while they were inside one of the rooms. It is suspected the drink might have been spiked. He was woken up by the employees at around 07h00 the following day and that's when he realised his cellphone and a motor vehicle, were stolen. The Police are appealing to anyone with information that can lead to the apprehension of the suspects involved in both incidents to contact Colonel Moruti Mothoa at 082 451 7184 or the crime stop number 0860010111 or the Crime Line SMS 32211 or the nearest Police Station. "Members of the community, especially men are warned against falling prey to this type of crime incidents and should always put their safety first when engaging with strangers" said Ngoepe.