BLOEMFONTEIN CELTIC used their social media account on Tuesday to put an end to the rumour that their PSL status could be sold to Ajax Cape Town. But a Twitter post by Ajax, congratulating Celtic for having finished the past season within the top eight bracket, has raised eyebrows and brought an element of truth to the word on the street. But the million dollar question is why would Ajax, out of all the eight in the MTN8 bracket, only see Celtic as the only team that deserves their complement? What about Polokwane City or SuperSport United? And the denial post from Celtic popped up after a statement was issued that the Ajax case to try and force the league to dock points was thrown out the window. I’m just toying around with this silly analysis. But in football, nothing is impossible and we never say never. Knowing how passionate Celtic fans are about their club makes me think that such gossip could never hold water. But it is important that we throw caution to current Celtic owner Max Tshabalala. His snail pace to find a new buyer could explode in his face. Seeing Celtic players fight for their club the way they did under caretaker coach Lehlohonolo Seema has underpinned the realities that Siwelele players, like their passionate fans, have taken ownership of the club. But having no such support from Tshabalala is gradually punching holes in the players and fans’ hearts. If someone has Tshabalala’s direct line, please tell the chairman to start thinking hard. He has less than two months to find a suitable buyer to mend broken hearts. Who would have thought Patrick Tignyemb, of all the people, would pop up like a bottle of champaign in atell-all interview with SunSport, sharing how he has been contributing to the club’s administration from his own pocket. His disclosure, which I would like to believe has an element of truth, reminds me of what former coach Steve Komphela said in his leaked resignation letter. Like a backing vocalist of a famous gospel group singer, Tignyemb is repeating what Komphela has already said about staff spending theirhard-earned money to keep the club afloat. Such unbelievably noble gestures can only happen in the movies, but Celtic players have turned that into a reality show. Much like those episodes on Moja Love (DStv channel 157). You see all these magnates forcing their way into football administration. with their CIDB scores and CSD summary is the worst thing that we have introduced in African football.How do we expect such clueless men to contribute positively to the game? MINING magnate Patrice Motsepe has done it with Mamelodi Sundowns, but has a bunch of well-paid intelligent people in the background doing all the dirty job. You can’t produce a successful football brand without any football knowledge. Hence the majority of those owners in Europe play very far from administration and leave it to the right people. It’s not too late for Tshabalala to get his house in order. for the sake of the Free State province after Free State Stars were relegated to the NFD. And in Setswana, Tshabalala and Chippa Mpengesi are summed up in the qoute: Bana Tshipa ba tsaya mmila o le mongwe (siblings will always behave in the same way).