BAFANA Bafana coach Stuart Baxter has raised a few eyebrows when he named unknown entities – Nikola Tavares and Joel Untersee – in his provisional squad of 30 players to prepare for next month’s Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Egypt. This is not so much as a result of disapproval but rather intrigue as not much is known about the two South Africa-born players. Tavares, the 20-year-old Crystal Palace defender, and 25-year-old FC Zurich wingback Untersee, hold Croatian and Swiss passports respectively, but are both available and are keen on representing Mzansi. The duo, though, will only arrive in camp pending their paperwork being finalised in time. WHO ARE THEY? NIKOLA TAVARES Crystal Palace’s Tavares was born in Cape Town and was groomed through the Hellenic Academy run by Mark Byrne in the Mother City before heading to England to further his career. He has played for a number of English clubs at junior level, including Wolverhampton Wanderers, Brighton and Hove Albion and Kamohelo Mokotjo’s Brentford. Tavares, who is the captain of Palace’s under-23 side, played 26 times this season and scored one goal, despite having struggled with injury. The youngster, who has Croatian citizenship through his mother, represented the European nation at youth level but seems to have made up his mind about turning up for Bafana at senior level. JOEL UNTERSEE FC Zurich’s Untersee, is also keen to don the Bafana green and gold. The former Juventus right-back, who is currently on loan at the Swiss club Zurich from Empoli, was born in Joburg. He has also played for Vaduz in the Swiss Football League and Brescia in the Second Division in Italy. Untersee represented Swizterland at the junior level having left Mzansi at a young age, however, Baxter appears to have convinced him to switch allegiance. Baxter twice visited the player in Europe a few years ago to try and convince him that South Africa was the best national team for him football wise, and it appears he finally succeeded Whether or not the duo will make the cut for the final squad set to do battle at the Afcon, remains to be seen.