STUART Baxter’s provisional Bafana Bafana squad has drawn mixed reaction from the public, with the critics slamming the Scot for some surprise selections. Matthew Booth has shared similar sentiments, particularly on the exclusion of versatile Mamelodi Sundowns defender Thapelo Morena and Orlando Pirates winger, Vincent Pule, as well as the inclusion of Europe-based Joel Untersee and Nikola Tavarez. The former Bafana defender has expressed concerns with key omissions from Baxter’s squad. “I feel sorry for Pule and Morena, too,” said Booth. The 2000 Olympian is an ambassador for the Castle Africa 5s team. He attended the national finals in Centurion on Saturday. “I’m surprised at those two exclusions, particularly Morena because he is so versatile,” he continued. “He’d give any team a lot options as he can play right wing, right-back and even as a striker. He’d be perfect for this scenario. He has also played on the continent with Sundowns. “I’d love to know, privately, what Stuart’s thoughts are on Morena and why he is not in the squad. Even though he defended the selection of Kaizer Chiefs pair of Ramahlwe Mphahlele and Daniel Cardoso, the forthright Booth questioned the selection of Tavarez and Untersee, explaining “It’ll be a bit of risk throwing them into the deep end without experience. “But it’s actually nice to have this debate about Bafana. If we are not, we’ve got serious problems. We may have opinions, but they won’t matter.” Booth added he is putting his money on Bafana and explained why. “We have to get behind the team, we can win it. We can take encouragement from what Zambia did a number of years ago. “Bafana have the backbone and character which we’ve been lacking. I think it’s partly down to the fact Sundowns and Pirates having played on the continent for some time now. That bodes well for Bafana.” Booth is hopeful Orlando Pirates will once again triumph at the continental five-a-side finals in Tanzania. Pirates beat Bekhezela FC 7-4 in the finals and will represent the Mzansi in Tanzania. Drama Queens edged Chilli Sauce 4-3 in the women’s final. “Ambassadors for the other countries are already talking about us, saying we can’t beat them on this occasion. “There is a bit of rivalry growing there and I’m looking forward to taking the SA team to Tanzania.”