HOW would you rate Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic’s season with Orlando Pirates? The Bucs coach has rated himself 7/10%, though admitting his team has nothing to show. For the second successive season, the Soweto giants finished the season empty-handed... as bitter rivals Mamelodi Sundowns continue to reign supreme in the Absa Premiership. “10/10 does not exist. I’d say seven and half. I hope I’m realistic,” said Micho. He further explained: “If we’d won the Telkom, went beyond the quarterfinals in the Caf Champions League and won the league, it would be nine. But without anything to show, realistically, it is seven and half.” His rating, however, is debatable as their qualification for the African Champions League salvaged their season from being an abject failure. Many would point to the fact Bucs had everything going for them to win the league, having been in a much better position than Sundowns, who had to traverse the continent in their extended African Safari. But Micho has spoken candidly about their season, reasoning there was a balance between “disappointment, hard luck and regret”. “It is regret that we had 12 draws, at least six of which we came very close to winning. Small details ultimately decided the league,” Micho said. “Life is not a bed of roses. We had a roller-coaster season, a very competitive season. Up to the last minute, we didn’t know who was winning the league. “There are mixed emotions and bitter taste, knowing we only lost three matches. But 12 draws? That’s a lot for the standards of Orlando Pirates. There is pride that in the last two seasons we’ve lost only eight matches. But that’s not enough.” Those who watched Bucs pummelling Polokwane City 3-0, however, would concur with Micho that the future is bright for Bucs. In truth, they only came short of such two top-drawer performances to seal the league title, their title hopes having suffered blows with the fatal draw against Baroka, among other poor results in Orlando. Added Micho: “We were like small kids who were learning to walk. We put ourselves in a process of two years. Now we can smell the trophies around the corner. “We’ve set a platform for the next season, including the Champions League. Perfection does not exit. “We need to be more consistent, keep up our competitive levels. We can’t look forward without critically analysing this season.”