To have a toned and healthy body you don't necessarily need to go to the gym as you can do the workout by yourself and with technology on our side we can do just about anything. Butt workouts can assist you with toning, firming and lifting your butt but you have to do it the right way. Working out your butt won't necessarily make you lose weight but gain muscle as you lose fat. The fat that is stored in your buttocks and thighs is particularly stubborn due to estrogen and the female lower body has 9 times more Alpha (fat storing) than Beta (fat-burning) receptors? So, every time a Beta receptor tries to release fat, it has to fight 9 Alpha receptors that try to store fat back in. That's why it's so difficult to sculpt the lower body. These 5 workout work best for your butt. 1.  Hip-Lift Progression- This is an awesome way to relieve tension in your lower back and work your butt at the same time. (A cushy mat will keep your tailbone from crying afterward.) How to Do it: Lie on your back with your arms at your sides with your knees bent and your feet on the floor.Lift your hips toward the ceiling. Hold for 1 count, and then lower back down.Repeat the lifts for 60 seconds, squeezing your glutes and hamstrings at the top of the range of motion. Be careful not to overarch your spine.To make this exercise more difficult, extend one leg at the top of the lift. Keep your thighs parallel and hold the lifted position for about 5 seconds. Keeping your hips up, place your foot back on the floor and then lower your hips.Repeat this exercise for 30 seconds; switch sides and do the move for another 30 seconds on the other leg. 2. Toe Taps - The, um, lower, looser part of my butt takes a beating from this move. How to Do it:Lie on the floor with your arms on your sides.Lift your feet, bending both knees to 90 degrees so your thighs are perpendicular to the floor.Now slowly and quietly tap your left toes to the floor, then your right.Alternate tapping feet for one minute.If you feel any lower back pain, don't bring your toes all the way down. 3. Explosive Lunges - This move gives an awesome stretch through your glutes while testing my balance and coordination and patience. How to Do it: Stand with your feet together and your hands on your hips.Then lunge forward with your right leg.Jump up, switch legs in midair, and land with your left leg in a forward lunge.Continue these explosive lunges, alternating sides, for one minute.Keep your fists up in front of your chin and push off the floor with both feet. Your front knee should be bent 90 degrees and align over your ankle. 4. Hydrants with Leg expansion -Begin on all fours with your knees hip-width apart and your wrists stacked over your shoulders. Keeping your knees bent at a 90-degree angle, lift your right leg out to hip height, then extend your raised leg straight out to the side. Pause before you bend your knee again and bring your leg back to starting position to complete one rep. 5. Squat to Sumo - Begin with your feet wider than shoulder-width apart, toes pointing forward. Keeping your knees behind your toes, sit your hips back into a squat. Pulse up a few inches as you turn your toes 45 degrees outward and sink your hips back into a low squat. Pulse up to bring your toes forward, and continue to alternate foot positioning as you pulse. 