MAMELODI Sundowns bowed out of the CAF Champions League in the semi-finals after an aggregate 2-1 defeat to Wydad Casablanca on Saturday at Lucas Moripe Stadium. The Brazilians were supposed to get a 1-0 victory to go through to the final of the continental showpiece. However, Casablanca's defence proved to be too strong for coach Pitso Misimane's charges as they couldn't crack it to get the desired goal they needed to go through. The Brazilians were unchanged from the first leg whereas Wydad missed key players Mohamed Nahiri and Brahim Nakkach through bans. Sundowns were building up from the back with patient build-ups but lacked any real penetration into the final third. With that said, in the opening five minutes captain Hlompho Kekana came close from Gaston Sirino's corner though he was unable to make a decisive contact with the ball. Wydad were content to hit back on the break and almost grabbed an opening goal from a counter 23-year-old forward Zouhair El Moutaraji found space in the area but his moment was gone when Tebogo Langerman got back to defend with a last-ditch clearance. During the first stanza Downs won a number of corners though Sirino's delivery lacked it's usual accuracy as it ended 0-0 at the break. They did threaten from a setpiece as Sirino managed to pick out Anele Ngconcga, who could only steer his effort wide of target. After the interval, it seemed Tiyani Mabunda and Kekana were asked to get higher up the pitch. The former found space from distance but rifled his effort over the bar. The momentum was with the Brazilians and soon after Lebohang Maboe turned inside on the edge of the area before his strike was straight at Ahmed Reda Tagnaouti in goal. Just before the hour mark there was a goal-mouth scramble in Wydad's area in which Daniel Nascimento found space at the far post before his header across goal was desperately cleared. On the ensuing counter it was two versus two but Denis Onyango got down well to cut out a dangerous low cross to the far post. However, not long afterwards Michael Babatunde missed a glorious chance as he spun with the ball on the penalty spot but his strike on the swivel was miscued and flew wide of the post. With time running out coach Pitso Mosimane rang the attacking changes as he brought on Sibusiso Vilakazi for Anele Ngcongca, while Phakamani Mahlambi came on for Phakamani Mahlambi. At the death Langerman had a glorious chance from Mahlambi's cross from the right but he fluffed his lines and headed well wide. Yet, despite some promising moments it was not to be as the Moroccan side held on to advance to the final of the competition.