BAFANA Bafana head coach Stuart Baxter has revealed that Keagan Dolly requested to be included in the COSAFA Cup squad. Comprising mainly of under-23 players, Dolly was selected in hopes of getting much-needed game time ahead of the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations following a lengthy hamstring injury layoff. The Montpellier winger was also selected in the provisional AFCON squad which Baxter revealed in Johannesburg on Tuesday. "Keagan Dolly actually asked me himself if he could get more game time. He’s played in four reserve games‚ his coach says he’s 100% fit," Baxter told the media. "So we’re not taking a chance with him – we’re just allowing him the opportunity to get that game time to bring up his sharpness. "And‚ to be fair‚ to allow David the opportunity to have a more senior player as a good example to the younger players [in the COSAFA squad]. "So we’re hoping that in that way we’ll make a meaningful event of COSAFA‚ and offer an exciting team there. "That we invest in international game time for the right type of players. And it’s not without its value for the preparation for AFCON." South Africa, who for this event will be coached by David Notoane, will take on Botswana in the quarter-finals. The four winning quarter-finalists will progress to the Cup semi-finals, while the losing sides will compete in the Plate competition. The COSAFA Cup is set to be played in Durban from 25 May to 8 June. BAFANA BAFANA COSAFA CUP SQUAD: Goalkeepers: Mondli Mpoto (Bloemfontein Celtic), Darren Johnson (Ajax Cape Town), Reyaad Pieterse (Mamelodi Sundowns) Defenders: Thendo Mukumela (Ajax), Keanu Cupido (Cape Town ), Reeve Frosler (Chiefs), Tercious Malepe (Chippa), Katlego Mohamme (SuperSport), Bongani Sam (Bloemfontein), Sandie Mthethwa (Richards Bay) Midfielders: Teboho Mokoena (Supersport) , Athenkosi Dlala (Supersport) , Kegan Dolly (Montpellier), Sipho Mbule (Supersport), Kamohelo Mahlatsi (Supersport) Grant Margeman (Ajax), Jamie Webber (Supersport) Kgaogelo Sekgota (Vitoria Setubal, (Portugal) Strikers: Phakamani Mahlambi (Sundowns), Lerato Lepasa (TS Galaxy), Jemondre Dickens (Baroka ), Luther Singh GD (Chaves, Portugal), Liam Jordan Koge FC (Denmark)