NEWLY promoted Stellenbosch FC are determined to keep as many of their best players as possible heading into their maiden Absa Premiership season. Stellies, who were crowned National First Division (NFD) champions on the final day at the weekend, are ready for the big time and have already started making preparations. In Steve Barker, the Cape Winelands team have a mentor who knows his way around the much tougher PSL, having previously earned promotion with the University of Pretoria in 2012. Barker went on to lead the Tuks to a top eight finish the following season in the PSL – a huge achievement for a newly promoted team. The 51-year-old will be hoping for much of the same with Stellies, and believes the club will give him all the support he needs to pull it off. That includes ensuring that some of their best performers this season, such as top scorer Iqraam Rayners and defender Sibusiso Mthethwa, remain at the club. “The hard work begins now,” said Barker. “The club have already started preparing for next season. The sooner we equip ourselves for what’s sure to be a huge challenge, the better. “But we’re a solid club. We just have to recruit well and keep our best players. The good thing is that we have world class facilities and we have a good environment, so our players want to be here.” Centre back Mthethwa is looking forward to playing in the PSL again after he was relegated with now defunct Platinum Stars last season. The 28-year-old, who has had stints with Tuks and Free State Stars, joined Stellies at the beginning of the season from Cape Umoya United (formerly Platinum Stars). “Coming to Stellenbosch was a big sacrifice for me because I could have stayed at Cape Umoya United and earned more money, but I wanted to play,” said Mthethwa. “Today I don’t’ regret that decision. I’m a champion and I will be in the PSL next season.” Despite having reportedly attracted attention from some of the big teams in the PSL, Mthethwa has no intentions of leaving Stellies. “I have enjoyed my time here, from the day I came in to this day, I have had the best time. Coach Steve has been a pleasure to work with,” added Mthethwa.