WHAT a fairy-tale It is any boss’ wish to see his investment bring along massive profit in a short space of 10 months. Now lawyer and former player manager Tim Sukazi, currently owner of infant NFD club TS Galaxy, is living a dream, along with his coach Dan “Dance” Malesela whom at some stage was his agent. A R7 million winners’ prize cheque, which comes along with a floating trophy and a berth in the Caf Confederation Cup preliminary stage position, will always be Sukazi’s most prized assets after they won the 2018-19 Nedbank Cup in the final played at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday. And they did not just win the Ke Yona trophy, but they did it in style while penalising Kaizer Chiefs 1-0 in the dying minutes, with a penalty taken by Zakhele Lepasa. An excited Sukazi says proper planning will be vital to make an impact in Africa. The Rockets, as Sukazi coined a nickname for his team, made history by becoming the first NFD side to lift the Nedbank Cup trophy. They are the fourth NFD side to reach the Ke Yona final after Mpumalanga Black Aces, University of Pretoria, and Black Leopards. “We will require proper planning,” Said Sukazi. “We do plan things ahead, we have already thought about it. We mentioned that we want to play in Caf, Mamelodi Sundowns are doing it, they play domestic and Champions League, they did fantastically well in the continent and they won the league here. “They did all this well because they plan properly. We might be less experienced now, but certainly we will learn as we go.” Sukazi added that he is not worried about losing some or many of his top players to PSL clubs next season, including his top scorer Lepasa who is on loan from Orlando Pirates. “When players find opportunities, because they worked hard for it, then they must move. You should allow them to grow in life and I can assure our fans that I could still assemble a very good team. As a fact, our reinforcement for next season is already done, we signed players in January.” Sukazi revealed that his players will be rewarded handsomely for winning the R7m first prize, but he could not divulge how much each player will get. He continues: “We didn’t achieve this success by fluke, we put in a lot of work all season. At first we were challenging for the league, but our focus shifted when we CONTINUED ON PAGE 22