THEY may be down but they are not out yet.... Struggling Maritzburg United have promised to fight tooth and nail to retain their Absa Premiership status. United head coach Eric Tinkler is in a fighting mood and believes his side will win the battle for survival after their stunning 2-1 win over Black Leopards at the Thohoyandou Stadium on Saturday. The Team of Choice are still propping up the table sitting bottom with 23 points with two matches to play. However, United gave themselves a lifeline with that massive win over Leopards. And promised Tinkler: “The fight is not over.” The Bafana Bafana legend believes his side have a strong chance of staying in the top flight after collecting three crucial points from Lidoda Duvha in Venda. Tinkler’s charges are only one point behind second bottom Chippa United and two adrift of third bottom Baroka United, who have three matches to play. United play Baroka in their final game of the season on 11 May. That could be a relegation decider. Added Tinkler: “This win has given us a fighting chance. We have to keep going until the last round. We are left with SuperSport United and Baroka, and we have to fight to win like we did against Leopards. “We are aware that we have to rely on other teams. But our aim is to rely on ourselves too. If we win our remaining two games and go down, we would have done our best.” They are now three points behind 13th placed Leopards. Defeat in the final run for the likes of Leopards, Chippa United, Baroka or Free State Stars, who like Leopards have only 26 points, could help Tinkler’s men in their bid to survive the relegation axe. The former Cape Town City coach said he took this job with confidence as he wanted to help the Team of Choice remain in the top flight. “I came to this club knowing the massive points gap between us and the rest of the teams,” explained Tinkler. “We have now closed the gap and now it’s up to us. I believe in the team we have.” Tinkler said he is pleased with the spirit his lads displayed against Leopards. “It’s not easy to beat Leopards at their home ground, but we did it and I’m proud of my boys,” he said. “I told the boys that Leopards and Baroka matches are a must win. We have beaten Leopards and now we have to beat Baroka. But we still have to play SuperSport first. We played well against Leopards and we never gave them a chance to play.”