IT IS no secret that the Safa ABC Motsepe League is synonymous with rampant corruption. But it is quite another thing when authorities, who are supposed to eradicate corruption and match-fixing, turn a blind eye to the scourge. As it is, the SA Football Association (Safa) are believed to be sitting on a MOUNTAIN of evidence to support a case of bribery allegation, which took place in the North West region over a month ago. In a video footage captured on CCTV at a filling station on 30 March, a Safa referee could be seen receiving what is believed to be a bribe from an alleged club official. SunSport understands that to have been “cash on delivery” after the referee had swayed the result in the match played earlier on the same day. In the contentious match, the referee issued a dubious red card and awarded a questionable penalty, according to our informants. And according to a whistle-blower, ample evidence was delivered on Safa’s doorstep three days after the incident.  A month later, however, no club official has been charged and no referee has been suspended. This is despite proof that emails were indeed sent to the accounts of the Safa head of referees, Tenda Masikhwa, among others, days after the alleged incident. Curiously, Masikhwa had pleaded ignorance, saying he had no knowledge of the incident in question. “I will have to follow up with the provincial office as I’m not aware of the incident you are referring to,” said Masikhwa. “The case could be with the integrity committee or the competitions. That is the terrain of the legal department. “But I haven’t seen the video. I’ll have to establish with the people who could be having the information.” Masikhwa further said he had no idea how many cases, if any, Safa have prosecuted so far this season. Safa acting CEO Russel Paul, too, said nobody relevant to such matters has the evidence. “If there is such evidence we will definitely pursue the matter. But we can’t investigate if there isn’t evidence,” said Paul. However, the mole insists two Safa officials have confirmed receipt of evidence. Could there be a cover-up? For years, Safa lower divisions have been plagued by the scourge of corruption and the association don’t seem to have the capacity to cure the cancer.