Selfie addicts, you have been warned. In search of the perfect selfie light, our generation is constantly wielding our sticks or phones to snag the perfect shot. While we worry about the angle or what filter to use, it turns out there could be greater cause for concern. Clinician and beauty therapist Sara Cheeney who spoke to New York Post sounded the alarm about selfie-induced skin damage. She revealed that she is seeing more regular selfie-takers coming in for accelerated skin cell damage. The nurse practitioner believes that the electromagnetic rays from smart phones speed up ageing, causing brown spots and wrinkles.In fact, she claims that they can do more damage to your skin complexion than sitting in the sun or smoking."The results are quite alarming. I get a lot of bloggers and patients who take selfies every day coming to me and complaining about the issue, and it’s an issue which seems to be getting worse," she admitted. The expert has discovered that it becomes easy to tell whether someone uses their right or left hand to hold their phone when taking a selfie; because the one side of the face will appear even duller than the other.So surely we are protected if we wear SPF, right? Wrong. And that's the nerve-racking part.Sara says using regular moisturisers, creams and oils won’t reverse the harm that has already been done.Can we ever enjoy taking selfies without damaging our delicate skin? The beauty therapist recommends rehydrating skin from within using advanced technology and sunscreen with ingredients that protect against high energy visible light.  New York Dermatology Group skin doctor Amy Pelmutter who spoke to Fashionista recommends taking breaks from constantly taking selfies.She says even facial motions during photo-taking, "like pursing the lips, and exaggerated facial expressions can all lead to increased wrinkle formation."We spoke to Dr Alek Nikolic of Aesthetic Facial enhancement about tips on how we can protect our skin from damage.He says commercial sunscreens are designed to only block wavelengths up to 380 nm and as a result, skin with only a topical sunscreen application is not protected. "Considering that 44% of radiation or exposure is derived through visible light, we need to add other topical modalities like antioxidants to our skin regime."The best way to protect your skin and delay the onset of ageing from visible light is by using topical antioxidants every morning.Alek says his two favourite antioxidant ingredients for the day are vitamin C and vitamin E, combined for more effective protection.