THE SA Football Association (Safa) and their senior national women’s team sponsor, Sasol, could be set back R22 million in player bonuses should Banyana Banyana win the upcoming Women’s World Cup in France. At the least, Safa boss Danny Jordaan said they have put aside R200 000 for each of their 23 players in the squad for participating in the tournament, and R200 000 for qualifying for the knockout stage. There is also a R420 000 for reaching the semi-finals, R670 000 for ending in the World Cup final, but there is the grand pay-out of R950 000 for winning the France showpiece. Jordaan’s dangling of this big carrot would come as motivation for the players in camp, which excludes the three players who are on standby. These charges are Nompumelelo “Mpumi” Nyandeni, Ongeziwe Ndlangisa and Jessica Williams. The trio will be in France for the first two games and then come back home. Before boarding their SAA flight to France yesterday, where they will be part of the 24 countries facing off against each other for the prestigious World Cup title. The Women’s World Cup is scheduled for French cities – Lyon, Paris, Nice, Montpellier and Rennes – from 7 June to 7 July. Fans and officials had the opportunity to say their goodbyes and wish the team luck at the Sasol Place in Sandton yesterday. Jordaan said Banyana players will earn same as Bafana Bafana. He was clear as water before it pops up as controversy after the World Cup by saying there will be no appearance fees paid to the players. He stated: “... but we are giving them a minimum of R200 000 each just to be present in the team, then they must perform. “They must perform like in any situation, the bonus is linked to performance. If they perform and go to the second round, then that is money in the bank. We will reward performance.” Jordaan reiterated that the R200 000 is set aside only for players who play in the World Cup. Explained Jordaan: “It’s a package. In a competition like the World Cup, it makes no sense to give money for a win, lose or draw. The ultimate target is to see the team get out of group stages, that is where our focus is, that is what we reward. “Whether they get three draws, but you get through then it is fine, they must focus on getting out of their groups because I believe they can.” Banyana are in Group B with Spain, Germany, and China, where they need to finish in top two in the group to qualify for the last 16, or at least finish as the best number three.