 An ANC
activist in her 70s died a few steps away from a polling booth in Gauteng, the
party confirmed on Wednesday. She is the
second person reported to have died at a polling station on election day. The ANC did
not release the activist's name. ANC Gauteng
secretary Jacob Khawe told News24 on Wednesday afternoon that the woman who
died in Emfuleni was approaching the booth when she collapsed. South
Africa is less than 48 hours away from its sixth general election. But what do
the numbers suggest? News24 election analyst Dawie Scholtz gives us insight
into what could happen on May 8. "They
tried to call the emergency services but unfortunately we lost her." He said the
woman tried to vote on Tuesday but had not registered for a special vote, so
she was turned away. He said her commitment to voting and the fact that she
returned on Wednesday was a lesson for young people. "She’s
an elderly activist of the ANC. She would have last served in the structures of
the ANC in 2005 as a branch executive committee member. Her commitment to reach
the voting station yesterday and today is quite a demonstration of how
seriously she takes the elections. People take this seriously and there are
those who do not. "It’s
a lesson to us who are younger, that the old lady knew the purpose and the
intention of the vote," Khawe said. Another
elderly voter died at a voting station in Elandspoort, Tshwane, on Wednesday
morning, the Electoral Commission (IEC) said. Gauteng
police spokesperson Brigadier Mathapelo Peters said the 67-year old man
collapsed at Westview Park, Zithobeni station in Tshwane West after complaining
of chest pains. He was
certified dead by emergency personnel. Peters said
that that in Emfuleni, the elderly woman collapsed and died at Mqiniswa Primary
School voting station in Bophelong, Vanderbijlpark. Voting was
temporarily suspended in order for police to process the scene and inquest
dockets have been opened. Peters
appealed for ubuntu in order to allow elderly people to move to the front of
queues to mitigate similar and other medical incidents. SOURCE:
NEWS24