BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic chief executive Khumbulani Konco has denied that the club terminated Patrick Tignyemb’s contract because he was fighting for what is due to them – their bonuses. Tignyemb’s contract was terminated by the club on Tuesday with immediate effect. According to the Cameroonian international, his contract was terminated because he was representing the players in talks with the chairman, Max Tshabalala, regarding their outstanding bonuses. “I was fighting for my players to get their salaries. I’m their captain and I had to fight for them,” said Tignyemb. “Throughout the seasons there were times when they (players) did not want to honour matches and as a leader, I would convince them to play. But now it’s enough.” The 33-year-old goalkeeper added: “As players, we had a nice meeting with the chairman, and he told us he didn’t have money. “He begged us to honour our last league match against AmaZulu and promised we will be paid on 20 May.” Celtic will host AmaZulu at Sisa Dukashe Stadium in Port Elizabeth on Saturday (3pm). This will be their last Absa Premiership match of the season. “Players agreed to that until Khumbulani (Konco) came with a letter blackmailing us. He said we must go to training if we fail to do so we will be fined. Fined for what while we are not getting paid? I told him that he was making me look stupid to my teammates. That letter pissed us off and I argued with him. Then the strike erupted again.” Tignyemb, who has been with Celtic for the past 11 years, also revealed to SunSport that the club was kicking him out of the house. They gave him two days (Wednesday and Thursday) to move out. A furious Tignyemb stated: “I’m disappointed. Khumbulani does not appreciate. “After all these years, now they are terminating my contract and kicking me out of the house with my family. Where will I go in two days? But I don’t regret any of this because I was fighting for my players,” he said. “Throughout the seasons, there were times when they (players) didn’t want to honour matches and as their leader, I’d have meetings with players, convince them to go and play, but now it’s enough.” “Some players were getting money from my own pocket. They would tell me they are hungry, they do not have food and they can’t go to training without eating and I would give them my own money.” When SunSport contacted Konco, the CEO said the long serving Tignyemb was released from his contract because of an abusive rant he had with club officials. Konco said: “He (Tignyemb) is lying. We did not terminate his contract because of the strike. He came to the office swearing and kicking things. It was really bad. So as the club we had to act based on his personal contract, which is against disrespecting. For his behaviour, we had to take the decision.” Konco confirmed that they kicked Tignyemb out of the house, but they didn’t say he should leave in two days. “He must pack his bags and leave the house, but we did not give him time limit. “We all know when your contract is terminated, everything that is being paid by the team is no longer yours,” he said. Konco also confirmed that players are back in training and they will honour the match against AmaZulu. “The team will depart to Port Elizabeth tomorrow for the last match of the season,” he said. However, angry Celtic fans held placards as they rallied behind their captain. “Khumbulani, hands off! We need our keeper. You must resign with immediate effect. You are heartless,” read other placards.