The cosmetic industry is a billion dollar industry. Providing products that every person uses in their day to day life. Cosmetics range from Makeup products, hair products, skin care products, nail polish, perfume and deodorants, hygiene products such as tooth paste, soaps, roll on and mouth wash. As much as we all use these products, what many people don’t know is that these products are tested on animals- especially makeup. Makeup brands do not advertise or tell their consumers that they clinically test their products before they hit the shelves on animals because it is unethical. If you were told that a product cannot be tested on a human because of the health risks, what are the chances you’ll by that product? It is seen that testing products on humans is inhumane thus scientists turn to animals to test. Animals such as rabbits, rats, mice and guinea pigs are forced to be used to be tested on. This process is gruesome and often leads to animals being sick, hurt, burnt, damaged and even death.  There are many animal rights organisations around the world who are calling to ban animal testing. Organisations such as Beauty without Cruelty. This organisation was founded in South Africa in 1975 with the primary objective to educate and inform the public about the exploitation, abuse and suffering of animals in the beauty industry.   There are many countries in the world who have banned animal testing, these countries are European Union, Norway, India, Isreal, Australia and New Zealand. However countries such as China enforce the law to test on animals. It is important to know which beauty products test on animals because that brand does not care about animal rights. You don’t need to be an animal rights activist to know wrong from right, but continuing to support brands that test on animals is you agreeing to the abuse and violation to animal rights. These following makeup brands test their products on animals: - NARS - L’Oreal - Estee Lauder - MAC - Benefit - Lancome - Maybelline - Rimmel London - Revlon - Clinique - Almay - Max Factor - Bobbi Brown - Chanel - Avon   How to tell if a product does not test on animals? If you’re feeling unsure about a makeup product of whether they test on animals or not, here are some tips: 1.       Buy Vegan – If a product is labelled Vegan or the product belongs to a vegan brand. 2.       Do research – Before buying and supporting a makeup brand, do your homework and research more about the brand and company. Read their company policy to find out. 3.       Look for the bunny. Most products will have a symbol of a bunny in support of animal rights.  Makeup and cosmetic brands are becoming more ethical and a lot more education and awareness has been brought to companies and consumers attention. If you are in support of animal rights you have the power to not support and buy makeup products from companies who test on animals. These following makeup brands do not test their products on animals: -Anastasia Beverly Hills - Urban Decay - Too Faced - Marc Jacobs Beauty - Tarte - IT Cosmetics - Bareminerals - The Body Shop - Lush - NYX - ELF - Milani - Essence - Covergirl - KKW Beauty - Kylie Cosmetics - Nude by Nature - Becca  