The EFF Tshela Thupa rally took place at the Orlando Stadium in Soweto on Sunday. The rally was an opportunity for the Economic Freedom Fighters to flex their muscle ahead of the elections on Wednesday 8 May. EFF supporters from all over the country filled up the 40 000 seat stadia. EFF leaders including Chairperson Dali Mpofu, Spokesperson Mbuyiseni Ndlozi, and Deputy President Floyd Shivambu were all in attendance for the Commander in Chief Julius Malema's final rally cry.  Malema's message was an impassionate message. He first thanked members of the public's messages of condolence. Malema's grandmother Sarah Malema passed away on Saturday.  Malema said that he wouldn't be what he is today if it wasn't for Koko Sarah's support along the years. "She stood by me during my difficult times. When detractors accused me of all types of things she was there to support me," Malema said. Along with promises from the EFF manifesto, including the doubling of social grants, providing "free free" education and land. Malema used the opportunity to lay into the ANC leadership.   He called ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa old and tired. "Ramaphosa should go herd cows like his friend Jacob Zuma or go straight to Prison," Malema. Malema said that the ANC shouldn't be proud about having millions of people receiving social grants. He said that they want an educated country. "We don't want to brag about millions on social grants. We want to brag about having millions of graduates," Malema said. He said that the ANC doesn't want an educated population because an educated population will question them. "The ANC wants to create a zombie nation," Malema said. Malema said that people wanted to use VBS to destroy the EFF. "Show me a page on the VBS report that mentions me. I'll drop this mic and leave the stage, take my family in the VIP suite and leave this EFF," Malema said. Malema also talked about the importance of heading to the polls. He said that people who don't vote are committing suicide. "Not voting is giving the ANC power," Malema said.