PIRATES LAST won a tournament when murdered Senzo Meyiwa was still alive. And if his dad Sam Meyiwa is to be believed, Bucs will be out in the cold for a long time to come. “THEY WILL NEVER WIN A TROPHY WHILE MY SON’S SPIRIT IS NOT AT PEACE,” SAID SAM. It was so close for Orlando Pirates fans when their team almost lifted the PSL trophy on Saturday. Even though they won the match against Polokwane City, Mamelodi Sundowns snatched the trophy away from them by beating Free State Stars. In 2017 Orlando Pirates were looking good – until they lost in the finals of the Telkom Knockout Cup to Polokwane City. And Senzo Meyiwa’s family insists this will always be the case for the PSL team until justice is done. “My son’s spirit is haunting them,” said Sam Meyiwa, the 66-year-old father of Senzo, who was the Bucs and Bafana Bafana goalkeeper. He died in 2014 after being shot in Kelly Khumalo’s mother’s house in Vosloorus, Ekurhuleni. The devastated father is in a wheelchair now and his speech was affected after he suffered a stroke in August last year. He told Daily Sun his son’s case has brought him pain and suffering. “He loved Pirates so I’m not surprised that the team is losing in trophy games. “Pirates management must not ignore the matter. They must do something about it,” he said. “They can play convincing football but nothing more.” He said it has been five years since his son died but no one has been arrested. “People are being killed and arrests are made. But my son’s murderer is still out there living as if there is nothing wrong or as if they killed an animal,” he said. “This is wrong. Someone must be arrested and justice must be done for my son. I’m not even sure if the investigation is still open.” Daily Sun yesterday spoke to Senzo’s cousin Siyabonga Miya, who said they are fighting for justice. “I want those who killed my cousin to be arrested. I cannot comment on the performance of Orlando Pirates,” he said. Police spokesman Brigadier Jay Naicker said that, five years later, the investigation is still continuing. “No arrest has been made yet,” he said. Orlando Pirates spokeswoman Thandi Merafe said: “No comment.” 