MARITZBURG United coach Eric Tinkler wants his team to keep their foot firmly on the accelerator pedal in the underway promotion/relegation play-offs. He said his charges are aware they have to cling on to their Absa Premiership status by finishing the mini-league at the summit of the table. The KwaZulu-Natal outfit are in pole position in the play-offs following their slender 1-0 victory over Royal Eagles in their first match. Thabiso Kutumela scored the solitary goal that sent the Team of Choice to the top of the table ahead of the two National First Division (NFD) teams – Eagles and Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). Tinkler will be hoping his boys keep their perfect record when they face TTM at Thohoyandou Stadium today (3pm). “I’m very happy that we got to the play-offs and gave ourselves a fighting chance,” Tinkler said. “It was important for us we win our first match because now we go into the game against TTM with three points in the bag. “The biggest issue we have is that none of us know what is our future, so I told the players that the sooner we finish off these play-offs, the better for all of us. “It’s four games but we can potentially finish it off in three, and that should be the target.” Tinkler is wary of the danger posed by Vhadau Vha Damani, and expects them to lay it all on the line as they look to stay in the running for a spot in the top flight, come next season. The Venda side are yet to register a point in the play-offs, having lost to their NFD counterparts 1-0 in the first match. They can hardly afford to drop any more points going forward if they are to mount a serious challenge for top spot. “I don’t think they are a bad side (TTM). They deserved to get something out of their game against Eagles,” added Tinkler. “They have a lot more mobility upfront, strong defensively and play possession football. “They are not too different from Eagles, most of the NFD teams play good football and they can’t be underestimated, as TS Galaxy showed at the weekend. It is important to respect the opposition and know their qualities. “But it’s even more important for us to know our own qualities and how good we are as a team.”