THURSDAY NIGHT IS INTIMACY NIGHT. That’s the night when guys can get close-up views of beautiful bums, legs and boobs and dream the wildest dreams . . . AS LONG AS THEY KEEP THEIR HANDS TO THEMSELVES! AS unemployment skyrockets, these young women have joined hands with a Good Samaritan. He helps them to earn good money while they provide some of the hottest entertainment in town. On Thursday night one lucky club in Durban gets a special visit and a treat from the hot ladies. They don’t wear much! Most wear a G-string, a swimming costume or just short shorts. And when they get to the club they make sure they leave men begging for more as they entertain clients with their sexy dance moves. Nokwazi Majola (26) told Daily Sun she struggled to find work until she met Sanele Ngcobo. “My mum is unemployed and as her firstborn child I had to look for work after finishing school. “Things changed when I went to a local club and started expressing myself through dance.” She said she was recognised by Sanele and he offered her a life-changing opportunity. “That’s when I joined his team,” she said. “Today I can support my family while looking for permanent employment.” Dumsile Hlatshwayo (25) said: “We used to sleep without food at home but I refused to sell my body as a prostitute. I was so happy when Sanele came to my rescue.” The 20 girls that Sanele hired all told the same story. They have families to feed and finding work is a struggle. They insist that they are not prostitutes or strippers. Sanele, the manager, said there are strict rules. “No touching is allowed,” he said. He said the Facebook pictures that seem to tell a different story are misleading. “The men were are only tipping the women,” said Sanele. “Intimacy Thursday is no strip show!” He said the girls were not prostitutes. “What we are doing is providing people with real entertainment,” he said. “Men ask to have the girls but we always refuse. They dance and that’s all.” Sanele pays the girls R1 000 per night. “We decided to make it professional and now they earn money for it,” he said. “We do not force the ladies into doing things they don’t want to do. What they do is what they love,” he said. Sanele doesn’t own a club or a pub. He negotiates with different clubs to bring the women. After pictures surfaced on Facebook, men said that’s where they wanted to be. “When will they come to Soweto? We want to see this,” said Musa Mbatha. Sibonelo Shabalala said: “That’s what a club should offer. I’m married but I get bored and I can’t satisfy my wife in the bedroom. But if I visit those ladies I will be extremely hot.” Daily Sun showed the pictures to a pastor who said he didn’t approve. “Women should know that their bodies are a temple of God. Flaunting it like this is a sin. Your body and your private parts should not just be seen by everyone,” he said. 