On Sunday Mzansi celebrated Mother's Day and it was the cutest site we all got to see! Celebrities took to social media to pay tribute to their Mothers and shower them with love and best wishes. The posts included their mothers, grandmothers, and the women who gave birth to their beautiful children. Here are just a handful of the loving tributes posted on Mother's Day. Dear Mama . . . When I think of your life, I get teary. You've given so much of yourself us. You've sacrificed so much for us. You've carried us throughout tough situations. When I look at the women around me, I can't help but draw strength, patience and so much will from you mama. Happy Mother's Day mom. Thank you for everything. I'm indebted to you forever. A post shared by  Manaka Ranaka (@manakaranaka) on May 12, 2019 at 12:33am PDT  Happy Mother’s Day Mummy you are sooo naturally beautiful it’s annoying ??. I love you soooo much Queeno, You are my world ?? I don’t ever take for granted how blessed I am to have you in my life ?? A post shared by  Minnie (@minniedlamini) on May 12, 2019 at 5:02am PDT  Happy Mother’s Day to this incredible woman called my mom! Thank you for showing me how to be a mother and to love my kids abundantly. You are the best grandmother and mother. Love you ♥? (Now please teach me how to look that good at 59 ??) A post shared by  nandi_madida (@nandi_madida) on May 12, 2019 at 3:33am PDT  .... Happy Mothers Day to all you wonderful moms. I know it’s not always easy but oh these little people bring so much joy. My first Mothers Day, I am SO HAPPY. So special... Thank you to all those who wished me a happy Mother’s Day, Ngiyabonga. It’s my greatest privilege to be a mom to my beautiful daughter Namisa. I just put her to sleep... Now I can rest and nurse this flu ?? Ps. She was about 1 month here. #MamaKaNami ?? #TwinkleLittleStar ?? #MothersDay A post shared by  jessicankosi (@jessicankosi) on May 12, 2019 at 12:17pm PDT  Happy Mother’s Day my beautiful baby girl. You have given me the privilege of being called “grandma” by the most precious boy! Ro chose you for a reason, and God let it be for a reason! I’m super proud of the mom you are my baby! Have a blessed one!???? I love you to the moon and beyond!???? A post shared by  Connie Ferguson (@connie_ferguson) on May 12, 2019 at 2:52am PDT  You’re just the best. You’ve played your part a thousand times over. Not only to me but to many . Today I say thank you mommy for all that you have done and you continue to do. A post shared by  Moshelle Obama (@moshendiki) on May 12, 2019 at 2:19am PDT 