INTERPOL arrested nine
people in Thailand, Australia and the US and 50 children had been rescued after
investigators took down an online paedophilia ring. More arrests were
expected as police in nearly 60 countries pursue investigations stemming from
an Interpol operation launched two years ago into a hidden "dark web"
site with 63 000 users worldwide. Fifty children were
rescued following the arrests. Police are trying to identify an additional 100
in images that had been shared on the internet's uncharted corners. Interpol said its
Operation Blackwrist began after it found material that was traced back to a
subscription-based site on the dark web, where people can use encrypted
software to hide behind layers of secrecy. Former child star
Corey Feldman has revealed how he plans to expose an alleged Hollywood
peadophile ring. Dark web sites can't
be found through search engines, and users need to have the specific URL
address to land on a site. Interpol enlisted help
from national agencies worldwide, with the US Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI) department eventually tracking the site's IP address, where new photos
and videos were posted weekly. The first arrests came
in early 2018, when the site's main administrator, Montri Salangam, was
detained in Thailand, and another administrator, Ruecha Tokputza, was captured
in Australia. 'Child's worst
nightmare' Salangam, whose
victims included one of his nephews, was sentenced in June last year to 146
years in prison by Thai courts, while an associate, a pre-school teacher, got
36 years. Tokputza was handed a
40-year prison term at his trial in Australia last Friday, the longest ever for
child sex offences in the country. The Australian
Associated Press reported that Tokputza, 31, pleaded guilty to 50 counts of
abuse of 11 babies and children - one just 15 months old - between 2011 and
2018. "You are a
child's worst nightmare, you are every parent's horror, you are a menace to the
community," Judge Liesl Chapman said in Adelaide. Interpol did not
identify the others arrested. The HSI's regional
attache in Bangkok, Eric McLoughlin, said in the statement that "numerous
arrests" had been made in the US. Some held "positions of public
trust", he said, and one individual was abusing his 2-year-old
stepbrother. "Operation
Blackwrist sends a clear message to those abusing children, producing child
sexual exploitation material and sharing the images online: We see you, and you
will be brought to justice," Interpol's Secretary General Juergen Stock
said. SOURCE: NEWS24