VETERAN Kaizer Chiefs midfielder Willard Katsande is concerned that Amakhosi have now became a laughing stock in Mzansi’s football circles. He stressed that the once feared Chiefs are like a dying flower. Katsande made this statement yesterday during Chiefs’ media briefing ahead of their crucial Absa Premiership clash against relegation haunted Free State Stars at Mbombela Stadium on Saturday (3pm). Chiefs’ hopes of winning the championship went up in smoke and now the Naturena based side could also miss the top eight spot if they fail to win their last two games. They will wrap up their season against another strugglers Chippa United in Port Elizabeth on 11 May. The 33-year-old is worried that Amakhosi have been stuck in seventh spot. Said Katsande: “You hear people making fun out of us everyday. “It’s very painful because Chiefs is a big team to be stuck on seventh position. We will lick our wounds on everything that’s thrown at us. We are a dying flower, you can throw dirt on us, it’s a vitamin D and you will never know what tomorrow holds when the sunshine comes.” Katsande said the pressure to win the Nedbank Cup is mounting since it’s their last hope of winning their first trophy in four years. Chiefs tackle National First Division side TS Galaxy in the final at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium on 18 May. Katsande went on: “Chiefs is known for winning trophies, so we need to deliver for our fans and the chairman. The pressure is always there, we are paid to make our fans happy, which is to fill our cabinet. I want to be remembered as a player who won trophies for Chiefs, and not a guy who was part of the group that didn’t win anything.” As if that was not enough, Amakhosi coach Ernst Middendorp has released five players, including key midfielder Pule Ekstein, who refused to renew his contract and goalkeeper Virgil Vries, who made mistakes that cost Chiefs the championship. But Katsande is not surprised about their sudden departures. Explained Katsande: “They were all good players, but when they sat with management and parted ways, I was not part of it. But we had a good relationship as players and they contributed well to the team, but life has to go on. Players come and go, one day it will be me. It’s our life as footballers to move from point A to B.”