RELEGATION threatened Black Leopards will entertain Benni McCarthy’s Cape Town City desperate to pick up maximum points in their battle to avoid the drop at the Thohoyandou Stadium on Saturday (3pm). This is the last match of the 2018-19 Absa Premiership season and Lidoda Duvha, who are fighting for their lives, are aware defeat against McCarthy’s men and victory for Maritzburg United against Baroka FC at the Old Peter Mokaba on the League final day would mean relegation for them. Lidoda Duvha are 15th on the log with 27 points, same as 14th Free State Stars and 13th placed Chippa United, who are above them on goal-difference. The three teams are only a point adrift of bottom side United. Truth be told, it won’t be easy for Leopards to get points against City, who have already spoiled Orlando Pirates’s chances of lifting the PSL title. Leopards’ recent form has been dismal, and does not provide confidence to their fans going to this showdown. Their under pressure coach, Dylan Kerr, is also desperate to keep the team in the premier division. They have gone seven consecutive league games without a win – lost five and drew two. City are targeting to finish in the top three and the Bafana Bafana legend knows that a win against Leopards, and if Golden Arrows beat Bidvest Wits at Prince Magogo Stadium tomorrow (3pm), could also give them hope to achieve their goal. Kerr will pin his hope on leading goal scorer Mwape Musonda to save Leopards and his job, seems to be on the line unless they survive. Musonda has scored 16 league goals so far. But Leopards defence, which is to blame for their poor run, need to be solid to stop the likes of Teko Modise, Kermit Erasmus, Gift Links and City’s leading scorer Siphelele Mthembu – who scored seven goals this season. Meanwhile, Leopards will also bid farewell to their duo – Marks Munyai and Phathutshedzo Nange – who will join Highlands Park and Wits, respectively. Baroka coach Wedson Nyirenda admitted to being concerned about the Zimbabwean international’s injury. Nyirenda said he won’t rely on other teams to do them favours. “We have to do our own job, not count on other teams,” he said.