ELVIS Chipezeze says Baroka FC’s final Absa Premiership clash with Maritzburg United is their biggest game in his football career. Baroka, who are in 12th spot on the log, host bottom side Team of Choice in a must-win game for both teams to starve off and avoid the promotion play-offs. The match will take place at the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday (3pm). The Ga-Mphahlele based side have collected 28 points, while Maritzburg are two points behind them. Maritzburg are coming to the clash full of confidence following two consecutive league wins. They beat fellow strugglers Black Leopards 2-1 and hammered SuperSport United 3-1. A win for Maritzburg, Leopards, and Free State Stars against Mamelodi Sundowns as well as Chippa United over Kaizer Chiefs, could see the Telkom Knockout Champions relegated to the National First Division (NFD). “This is the biggest game in my football career, and a lot is at stake,” said Chipezeze, Baroka’s number one goalkeeper. “We have to win at all cost. We spoke about it as a team and we are aware of what is at stake. So we will do whatever it takes to get the three points. The good thing is that we are playing at home in front of our fans. It will be a good feeling to see them celebrate our survival like they did when we won the Telkom cup. But this game is bigger than the Telkom Knockout final win over Orlando Pirates.” The Zimbabwean international said they blame themselves for the situation they are in, which has become a norm for them every season. “To be honest, we have been playing good football the whole season under coach Wedson Nyirenda,” he explained. “The only problem we had is failing to convert our chances in most games. But we want to make it up by winning on Saturday.” But Chipezeze is aware Maritzburg won’t be a walk in the park. “It won’t be an easy game as Maritzburg are also fighting for their PSL status. But we will approach the match with a positive mentality. We don’t want to disappoint our fans,” added Chipezeze.