TS Galaxy’s Nedbank Cup hero, Zakhele Lepasa, is set to return to his parent club Orlando Pirates following a successful spell in the National First Division (NFD). The 22-year-old has done his reputation no harm in the second division of Mzansi football, and now looks set to make the step up to the topflight next season. The youngster was central in the writing of an amazing story last week when he scored the winner for lowly Galaxy in the Nedbank Cup final against Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs. Lepasa finished the tournament as the top goal scorer and was named Nedbank Cup player of the tournament at the PSL Awards a day later. His amazing week was capped off with a maiden call-up to the Bafana Bafana squad set to do battle in the COSAFA Cupo due to kick-off in Durban on Saturday. The Soweto born striker appears to have forced his way into the plans of Mulutin “Micho” Sredojevic for next season. “Lepasa is due to return from his loan spell at TS Galaxy where he is expected to be part of the Buccaneers pre-season setup,” the club confirmed on their website. “The past five months have been crazy, but it’s also part of a process that has brought me to this point. I have moved from Johannesburg to the Western Cape and back to Joburg chasing my football dream, and it’s in this short time that I sit here with a national call-up and a winner’s medal from the Nedbank Cup. It’s crazy!” said Lepasa about his time out on loan. Lepasa has had his fair share of frustrations this campaign, especially during his initial loan spell with NFD champions Stellenbosch FC in the first half of the season.He found it difficult to break into the Stellies side, ultimately leaving to join the Rockets in the January transfer window. “The move to Galaxy was an exciting prospect for me because they have a small squad of largely young players. I knew it was going to be tough to join them though, especially as a new player in the middle of the season but they welcomed me and made it easy for me to settle down. “I also came in knowing that the most important thing was to work hard and show the coaches that they didn’t make a mistake in bringing me on board. I made sure that I repaid their faith in me by contributing whenever I got the chance and I’m grateful that there is a good story to tell for all of us at the end of the season.” 