  Here are a few stays we've found via Lekker Slaap, Airbnb and Booking.com: Cape Town's Clifton is renowned for its fantastic beaches, nightlife and cuisine. Live your best luxe life and splurge on some lush accommodation. Full moon plans for tomorrow? ?? A post shared by  Benjamin Brown (@mrbenbrown) on Apr 18, 2019 at 12:15pm PDT  Stay here: Nettleton House, CliftonAt R155 000 per night, this house will give you access to a private chef, butler, sauna and 7 garages. Um, yes please!Pentagon, CliftonIf you have an extra R70 000 to spare, why not spend a night or two at Pentagon. You can watch a movie in the private cinema, practice your steps in the dance studio or enjoy the uninterrupted views of Lion’s Head. Or go on a budget beach break to the West Coast! Yzerfontein is a quick drive from Cape Town... Don’t you worry about her, she’s tough; Worry about yourself, cause you won’t be around long enough to really see her flourish. #LeashIt #SoonToBeNewHome A post shared by  Gawie Myburgh (@thegawinator) on Apr 23, 2019 at 3:24pm PDT  Stay here: Swept Away GuesthouseAt R750 a night, it's just 1 km from the beach and nestled on a hill. The cute stay offers self-catering accommodation with lovely sea views. Or choose the bush! Go for the ultimate luxury in the Kruger, and be swept away by the wildlife and quiet of nature. ?? photo from @jacojansen_safari - Sunrise from the H10 A post shared by  Kruger National Park (@krugernationalpark) on Apr 20, 2019 at 10:43am PDT  Stay here:Jaci’s Sabi House, MpumalangaAt R90 000 per night, this exclusive lodge borders the Kruger National Park and offers a private chef and your own private game ranger who can take you out and about to see the majestic Big 5 in their natural habitat. The Midlands have a certain kind of charm Cosy up with a delicious glass of red in this peaceful, quaint area of KZN where there is so much to do - it's the perfect option for winter months. Making memories one road trip at a time . Driving through the beautiful Kwazulu Natal Midlands at sunset . The Drakensburg is one of the most beautiful parts of South Africa in my opinion #liveyourdream #girlinbluejeanz #drakensburg #drakensburgmountains #roadtrip #southafrica #southafricatravel #southafricanskies #natalmidlands A post shared by  ????Marion Kate ???? (@girlinbluejeanz) on Apr 21, 2019 at 2:26pm PDT  Stay here: Newstead Farm, country farm near Balgowan At R700 a night, the Newstead Farm exudes charm and elegance, and a significant history that dates back to the late 1840s. A rural smallholding, with horses, pastures and a 700-tree plum orchard, this is a small piece of heaven in a lush and indigenous valley close to some of the top golf courses in the country. Located 3km from the Balgowan N3 offramp, close to the villages of Balgowan and Nottingham Road. Rolling hills of veld, epic views, and an escape for mind, body and soul guaranteed! “Hills of forest green where the mountains touch the sky, a dream come true, I’ll live there till I die” - Don McLean. Golden Gate National Park, eastern Free State ?? @jacques_crafford #hikemzantsi #hikingsouthafrica #goldengatenationalpark #freestate #clarens A post shared by  Hiking South Africa (@hiking.southafrica) on Apr 8, 2019 at 9:46pm PDT  Stay here: Beautiful Country Cottage in the Eastern Free StateAt R650 per night, the cottage is situated in a more quiet part of town with beautiful views of the mountains, cows that greet you in the morning with lots of bird life. Tempelhof Guest and Game Farm, Log CabinAt R650, Tempelhof is situated in the heart of the eastern free state, 12 km from Ficksburg. We offer you a unique wildlife and an excellent view of the majestic Maluti Mountains. Accommodation is offered in tastefully decorated self catering chalets. Lions, zebra, hyenas, wild dogs and a variety of buck are but a few of the wild animal species to be viewed.