IF I were to give the 2018/19 PSL season a movie title, it would probably be Pulp Fiction. Just like in the Quentin Tarantino thriller, everything in the league occured out of chronological order and the script was just out of this world. Cases that were meant to be heard in October were only attended to in the last days of the season. In fact, we still don’t know what the hell happened to the PSL appeal against its own DisciplinaryCommittee that Mamelodi Sundowns should be docked points, instead of a monetary fine for fielding WayneArendse against Bidvest Wits inOctober. Champions have been crowned, the league has been left with its tail between its legs and the appeal case seems to have grown legs like a docket at a kasi police station. Don’t get me wrong, when the league is in its element, they can pull the most spectacular and breathtakingfinale. It’s no mistake that Mzansi’s professional league was recentlyrated among the Top 10 in the world. Rewind to the final match day. At OrlandoStadium, Pirates wallopedPolokwane City 3-0. If Sundowns had slipped up, the league title was theirs. Bucs were possessed, mean and went for City’s gonads from the first whistle. On the same day, Free State Stars hosted Sundowns. It was tears and agony at the final whistle. Sundowns did just enough to lift the trophy while Ea lla Koto, who were comfortably sitting on position 13 before kick off, were dragged onto the doldrums of the National First Division (NFD). But the biggest talking point of the season is how the once-mighty Kaizer Chiefs hit rock bottom. In a matter of a week, they bombed out of the MTN8 by finishing ninth and suffered the most humiliating defeat when they were pipped by minnows TS Galaxy in the Nedbank Cup final. AMAKHOSI have been in adecline for some time and have not won a major trophy in fourseasons. Mabhida Stadium in Durban.This past season, the MotaungEmpire hired the Italian GiovanniSolinas, who was himself surprised and shocked as to how he got the job in the first place who was himself surprised and shocked as to how he got the job in the first place. He was later fired. An SOS was sent to Ernst Middendorp, who after realising that coaching wasn’t his God-given talent, had taken a sabbatical. He accepted the Chiefs job, it was better than herding goats wherever Bobby found him. Midddendorp’s rescue mission was on track until the wheels came off spectacularly. It was Deja Vu...it was 2005 yet again. Chiefs were in disarray and out of the top eight again. They were terrible and in disarray. In hindsight, Chiefs fans should be happy that they lost to Galaxy last week. Winning the Nedbank Cup would have been paper on the cracks. And everyone would be thinking all was hunky-dory at the club. But there are underlying problems. Even Stevie Wonder can see there’s a crisis at Naturena. The technical staff and the players need divine intervention. Fans also need heart surgeons. The entire management team needs a total overhaul – pity it’s not going to happen. This is a family business.