THE dreaded relegation axe is guaranteed to fall on one Absa Premiership team this weekend, but Chippa United are determined not to be ones on the receiving end. And if their impressive 3-1 victory over this season’s overachievers Polokwane City last week is anything to go by, the Port Elizabeth-based side have every right to be optimistic about their chances of survival. Despite that result, though, Clinton Larsen’s charges are still very much in danger of getting the chop, unless they pull off a similar performance in their final match of the season. The Chilli Boys welcome an out of sorts Kaizer Chiefs to the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Saturday (3pm), in a must-win-match. Three points against the Soweto giants would ensure Chippa avoid automatic relegation to the NFD, regardless of how their fellow relegation candidates perform. Chippa striker Rhulani Manzini said they are looking to pick up from where they left off against Rise and Shine, and turn Chiefs over in front of their home fans. “It all comes down to this game.We have done well to give ourselves a chance, we must finish the job this weekend,” said Manzini. “It won’t be an easy game, Chiefs are a dangerous team on their day, and we experienced that first hand in the Nedbank Cup quarter-final. “But our livelihood is on the line. We have to leave everything on that pitch like we have been doing in the last few games. If we do that, we have every chance of avoiding relegation.” The Chilli Boys are currently in 13th spot on the standings with 27 points, equal with Free State Stars and Black Leopards, just below them. Their opponents on the other hand, Amakhosi, are not having the best of seasons themselves as they are rooted to seventh spot with 39 points, heading into the final day. The Glamour Boys are not guaranteed of a top eight finish and need to beat the Chilli Boys to confirm their participation in next season’s MTN8. Chiefs star Khama Billiat has admitted that it has not been an ideal season for the club, but is optimistic they will improve next season. Chiefs, though, still have an opportunity to redeem their disappointing season by clinching the Nedbank Cup when they face National First Division outfit TS Galaxy in the final next week. “We have made a lot of mistakes, but we have learned from them,” said Billiat. “We just want to finish the season strong and make sure we start next season on a clean slate.”