IF “African Magic” is anything to be trusted, Royal Eagles are in for a spooky weekend when they visit Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila’s indumba (iyanga’s hut) at Thohoyandou Stadiumon Saturday afternoon (3pm). TTM’s alleged mix of traditional herbs have apparently left Maritzburg United players and technical staff gasping for fresh air, with muti incense and objects scattered all over their change-room ahead of their midweek promotion/relegation play-offs at the Venda stadium. Now the Eagles will have to fly at the safe level to avoid being caught in the crossfire of the burning herbs intended on making their players weak and lazy to play. On Wednesday, Maritzburg refused to use the tainted change-rooms but rather opted to use their team bus as dressing room. They also held their team talk in the bus and luckily they won the match 2-0. TTM have not won a single match in two outings, which makes their divine intervention useless, unless if they get their ducks in a row tomorrow when Eagles fly in to their indumba. Tshakhuma lost 1-0 in the first leg of their duel away in KZN and they are compelled to win tomorrow ( 3pm) if they still harbour any chance of winning promotion to the PSL. Eagles are on a “three points mission” to catch up with United, who are standing on six points in the mini-league table. But defeat for them could be detrimental. The winner of the mini-league will be promoted to the PSL to complete the list of 16 teams, and if it is United, then their place would be safe in the top flight. TTM coach Moma Medic has promised to make changes from the team that lost to United by trying different combinations. “I think we need new fresh legs,” said Medic. “This is our second last game of the play-offs and we are going to give our best performance to try and bring back hope. “This game is not only about us, but the fans.” In what could be a confusing statement, Medic said in a sour note that they were taught a good lesson by Maritzburg United. To quote him verbatim, the coach said “Maritzburg United schooled us!” Against United, TTM looked to be the more confused by their alleged muti use, as they failed to cause any harm on the Team of Choice goalkeeper Richard Ofori. Ofori set idle in the goal posts possibly wondering about what he saw in the changerooms. Eric Tinkler’s lads – Judas Moseamedi and Bongokuhle Hlongwane – directed the balls in the back of TTM’s net, respectively. “It was a good school for us,” said the former Orlando Pirates assistant coach while shaking his head. “You could see that we were playing against an Absa Premiership team. We tried our best but the PSL experience got the better of us. We have learnt our lessons and we will use this in our games next season.” But Medic says he will not give up: “We still have a chance but we know that they are slim.”