HOW the mighty have fallen… In the case of Kaizer Chiefs, it is rather how the mighty have crashed. Ordinarily, Amakhosi’s appearance in the Nedbank Cup final this weekend should be considered a mere formality. After all, they face National First Division upstarts, TS Galaxy. But these days, things are not a smooth-sailing for the Soweto giants. Just about every “Tom, Dick and Magic FC” believe they can measure up to the cup kings. A bullish Dan Malesela says he is not hoping, but expecting his unfancied Galaxy to vanquish “Goliath” in Durban on Saturday. He is not losing sleep over the identity of the cup final opponent. Amakhosi no longer send shivers down spine of opponents. Worse, they can’t even mount a genuine challenge for league honours. Failure to qualify for the top eight was certainly the nadir. As they say in my neck of the woods in Pitori, Amakhosi have crashed, 9-9! The explanation for their decline, however, does not lie in their shortcomings. Not every defeat means everything is wrong. Certainly, there is no shortage of talent in the current crop, just as there was no shortage of talent in previous Amakhosi teams that dominated knockout competitions for years. Yes, there are some aging legs in the team, and something of a dearth of young and exciting talent coming through the club’s academy. Mind you, that is what has allowed Chiefs to build its history, that endless blossoming of talent replaced ably by another, season after season, decade after decade. What about the traditional recruitment of the “big Animal” from the continent, a prolific striker, and nothing like Gustavo Paez? Chiefs are no longer pro-eminent in the way they once were, possessing ample talent to challenge successfully for honours. Of course, the weight of history is what lends the team its mystic. It is what makes Amakhosi arguably the country’s most prestigious football club, not just for taste and style, but for their unprecedented success, too. That, perhaps, is what should drive them in the Cup final,… if anything else fails.