PHIL “Mr Jones” Setshedi once served three years in prison for match-fixing. The historic conviction of Setshedi – one of the respected figures in local football – was hailed as a major breakthrough in the fight against the scourge of corruption in the then Vodacom Safa League. Setshedi was convicted for contravening section 15 of the Prevention and Combating of Corrupt Activities Act 12. This was after being found guilty of an attempt to unduly and improperly influence the outcome of the promotion play-offs match in the second tier league in Cape Town in 2011. The former Bafana Bafana assistant coach was, but, one element in a list of countless corrupt officials, who have over the years fixed games in the lower divisions. But Setshedi’s sentencing was expected to send a strong message to potential criminals, mostly referees and club bosses. Yet to this day, no one has been sentenced since “Mr Jones” slipped into the orange, prison jumpsuit. This is despite a plethora of corruption cases being reported to Safa monthly. The authorities, who are supposed to be the watchdogs in this regard, are sleeping on the job… or so they pretend. Despite overwhelming evidence of corruption and bribery, cases are often swept under the carpet, leaving a stench of decay at the Safa offices. For over a decade now, I have reported on the rampant corruption in the lower Safa division, about perpetrators caught with audio and video evidence, and in some instance, bank statements. As you are reading this, Safa are sitting on damning bribery evidence, officials caught on CCTV camera while exchanging money (Log to www.dailysun.co.za for full video). Yet, none of the relevant Safa officials, including the head of referees have any knowledge of the incident, despite it being delivered to their doorstep a month ago. The cover-up is so rife that the whistle-blowers no longer bother to follow up on cases. Safa officials turn a blind eye. Cases go cold. Corruption thrives. However, history shows corruption is endemic in football and one needs not look further than the Operation Dribble for evidence of how Safa administrators have failed the sport. Fifteen years since the Operations Dribble “charade” was launched, none of the big fish except, of course, Setshedi, have been brought to book. The Motimela commission concluded, back in 1999, that numerous top officials in our game were guilty of corruption and should be ousted. That report, as with that of the many investigations into many match-fixing, has never been publicly released and is still gathering dust in the Safa president’s office. Like his predecessors, Danny Jordaan has no courage of his convictions. After all, he is surrounded by people who care more about their pay-cheque than to serve the interest of football. These are the people who specialise in “cover-up” jobs of corruption case. For as long as Safa harbour corrupt elements in their ranks, the battle against corruption will never be won. Period! Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter via @Kgomotso