THE Absa Premiership is set for a pulsating finish this weekend when everything will be decided. The title race, the battle for a top eight finish as well as the relegation dog-fight, are all set to go right down to the wire. Saturday is “doomsday” for bottom-based teams, with one between Maritzburg United, Black Leopards, Free State Stars, Chippa United and Baroka FC set to be flushed down the relegation tube. It all speaks to the competitive nature of the current season, but also the poor performances of many who could not win more than six matches. It is also not cut and dried in mid table where the battle for top-eight finish is on between Kaizer Chiefs, Highlands Park, Bloemfontein Celtic and Golden Arrows. Amakhosi have been stuck ominously in seventh spot for weeks, but could secure their spot with a win against Chippa. Celtic could also end a turbulent season with a top-eight achievement when they host AmaZulu without their vociferous fans at Sisa Dukashe Stadium. While most eyes will be glued on the fierce title race and relegation dogfight, the battle for top eight finish also promises to set a few sparks flying. The Glamour Boys need to beat relegation threatened Chilli Boys at Nelson Mandela Stadium on the final day to confirm their participation in next season’s MTN8 competition. Striker Bernard Parker is expecting a tough battle against the desperate Chippa – a match they will also use as a dress rehearsal for their Nedbank Cup final against TS Galaxy next week. “Chippa will be desperate for points to stay in the league, while we want to consolidate a top eight finish. We have to win the game to boost our confidence before the Nedbank cup final,” said Parker. Highlands are another team that have their eyes firmly set on a top eight finish, which would be a big achievement for a promoted team. Owen Da Gama’s charges, though, will have to turn over SuperSport United at Lucas Moripe Stadium in their final match to seal their spot. “Of course, we would like to be in the top eight. But even if we don’t make it, I will still be proud of the progress we made this season,” said Da Gama. Highlands are eighth on the log with 38 points, one more than Celtic just below them in ninth position. Siwelele have done well to be anywhere near the top eight, given their off-field troubles this season which have culminated in the recent sacking of captain Patrick Tignyemb. Now the Cameroonian’s former teammates have to soldier on without their inspirational captain against AmaZulu at Sisa Dukashe Stadium. Also, still in with a chance of finish in the top eight, are 10th- placed Arrows who are a single point behind Celtic on 36 points. They will have to beat Bidvest Wits at Princess Magogo Satdium and hope the other top eight contenders drop points.