HIGHLANDS Park can hold their heads up high following a solid first season back in the Absa Premiership. The Tembisa team, who were one of the new kids on the block this season, held their own in the top flight. Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba, as Highlands are affectionately known, were expected to be among the struggling teams at the bottom of the log, but they have exceeded all expectations. They managed to make the Makhulong Stadium a notoriously difficult place to go this season, with heavyweights Kaizer Chiefs, Orlando Pirates, and Bidvest Wits all coming unstuck. Their 2-0 victory over SuperSport United on the final day ensured that Owen Da Gama’s charges finish the campaign in the top eight – a big achievement for a promoted team. They ended in seventh spot on the standings with 41 points from their 30 matches. Da Gama is understandably pleased with his side’s showing this season and believes they will continue to improve next season. “This was a difficult season for us,” said Da Gama. “But we managed to come out on the right side, it was a season of learning, we had to pay our school fees as it was our first season back in the PSL. “We have grown as a team, I can safely say we will be a better team next season because of the lessons learnt this season. “No doubt we are pleased to be in the top 8, we managed to finish above giants such as Chiefs, that’s a big achievement for us.” Throughout the campaign, Da Gama maintained that they had no particular target in mind and just wanted to compete. “This is the best league in Africa, if you can compete at this level then you can compete pretty much anywhere,” added Da Gama. “And to be honest, we have really punched above our weight, credit should go to the players and the technical staff who worked really hard this season. “We have a long way to go still, we are inspired by teams like Sundowns and Pirates, they have been phenomenal this season, I mean what a title race they produced. That’s why they do well on the continent.”