 Thomas Mlambo has given Mzansi more than an eyeful! The SABC 1 sports presenter was seen in a slightly compromising situation live on TV and appeared helpless when trying to cover it up. As much as it might have been an embarrassment for him, it was a blessing for the ladies. The Tv Sport Anchor from Soccer Zone and Sport at 10 TV has been getting all the right reactions from the ladies. On social media, Lindokuhle said this was just pleasing for her eyes and it should happen more often. “This is a bonus of his good presenting. I love him and hope that God will keep revealing this gift more often,” said Lindokuhle. Beauty Khoza said she was never a sports fan but after she saw this post on twitter, she’s definitely going to start being a super fan. “God just keeps revealing amazing things and I’m pleased to be one of the people he reveals these gifts to. May whoever made Thomas horny keep doing it for Mzansi ladies. We appreciate you,” she said. Zenzile also appreciated seeing the apparent erection and hopes he gets more of these. “It’s pleasing her, especially to single ladies. SABC needs to have more of these contents and we will keep watching the show,” she said. Ntokozo said she saw it and continued with her life because it was not a big deal. “I saw this and I was wondering what his hand was doing down there. I notice the former Miss SA (Phuti) who was a guest on this show wearing a shot dress, maybe she was the cause of this,” said Ntokozo. “Anyway, I switched off my TV and went to bed,” she added. While ladies were happy, some men sympathised with him and some were mad at him. Moses said this once happened to him high school and he understands the pain and embarrassment. “I don’t see how this is funny. No guy should ever be caught up into this situation. I sympathise with you but I wonder what your girl will say after seeing these,” said Moses. Nathi was annoyed and said he just saw his girl jumping after seeing Thoma’s erection. “Now I’m questioning the size of my 4-5. What will it take for these men to shut down their perverted minds,” said Nathi.  