THE SA under-20 national men’s team assistant coach Helman “Midnight Express” Mkhalele believes there are a lot of positives to take from their recent friendly match against Panama. Amajita were edged 1-0 by Las Albirrojas at the Hotel Rames’ sporting grounds in Opalenica, Poland on Wednesday, as they continue to prepare for the Fifa World Cup set to take place in Poland from 25 May until 16 June. It was Amajita’s fourth friendly game, and their second defeat after they lost to Qatar by the same scoreline in their first friendly match last month. Despite the defeat, Mkhalele believes Amajita are on the right path and only need to fix a few things ahead of the big showpiece. “It was a good game. It gave us an indication in relation to the players who we needed to choose from, but the most important thing is that we were able to give each and every player enough minutes to prove themselves,” said Mkhalele. “The match was important for us as a technical team because we’ve got to try some few combinations to see if players can adapt to them, which they did in the first half. We created a lot of chances in the game and we are happy with that, but we are still not happy in terms of the conversion of those chances.” Amajita were without head coach Thabo Senong, who has returned to South Africa to make funeral arrangements for his mother, who died last week. The SA juniors mentor will return to Poland soon after to take charge of his side as they enter the final stages of their preparations ahead of their fourth World Cup appearance. Amajita are in a tough Group F with heavyweights Argentina, Korea Republic and Portugal. Mkhalele believes they will be ready for their first game against Argentina on 25 May. Added Mkhalele: “The goal we conceded was through a mistake. But we are glad to make these mistakes in friendly matches as they teach our boys that we can’t repeat them during the tournament as we could end up exiting early. “I feel it was a good exercise for our boys. There were many positives to take out from that match as we saw a lot of combinations and good relationships forming on the pitch. We are starting see a few of the boys playing with confidence and connecting well with one another, which is something that is pleasing from our side.”