EMBARRASSING! This is how Kaizer Chiefs midfielder Willard Katsande has wrapped up his team’s performance in the over 40 matches they played in the past season, which comprise the league and cup matches. THEY HAVE NOTHING TO SHOW! According to the Zimbabwean strongman, their season was a complete disaster where they were turned into a laughing stock. Katsande always takes criticism like a man – when you hit the left cheek, then he offers the right – after they won nothing from the PSL to cup tournaments in the past four seasons. And worse now they failed to make the cut for the top eight. Now Chiefs are looking at the off-season cup tournament, Carling Black Label Cup, which was launched in Joburg yesterday with hordes of supporters clad in their traditional Amakhosi and Pirates colours at Park Station. The cup, which is scheduled for FNB Stadium on 27 July, returns after a one year absence last year where it was replaced with the Shell Helix Ultra Cup. The tournament was introduced in 2011 with Pirates having won it four times while Chiefs claimed the trophy on three occasions. Katsande said for Chiefs to avoid being a joke before their opposition supporters, they will then have to “sharpen our swords and fight”. His Pirates counterpart Happy Jele, in front of international guest Ian Wright, former Arsenal and England striker, said they are welcoming the return of the Soweto derby Beer Cup. Bucs skipper Jele said he was happy with his club’s performance except for one thing – not winning trophies. Jele said: “We had a great season but yet we have nothing to show for it. If we get that right we will have a great 2019-20 season. We are looking forward to it.” In this year’s beer cup, organisers have introduced the new CHANGE THE GAME element by bending the rules. Apart from voting for the starting lines ups, fans will also vote for the newly proposed seven rules, as part of the action on match day. Public can vote for the man-of-the-match, use Twitter to make substitutions, vote for referee to wear the microphone so that fans can hear his interaction with the players.