Caster Semenya will lead a three-pronged South African charge on Friday night when she lines up for the opening leg of the 2019 IAAF Diamond League series in Doha, Qatar. Semenya was included in the entry lists this week for the topflight track and field meeting, which was set to be held just five days before new International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) regulations kicked in. Required from next week to take medication to reduce her natural testosterone levels in order to compete internationally over distances ranging from 400m to the mile (1 609m), after losing a long-running battle at the Court of Arbitration for Sport on Wednesday, Semenya could be sidelined from the track for at least six months while undergoing treatment. Alternatively, she could switch her focus to the 5 000m event, which was not affected by the new IAAF regulations. After beating Olympic 10 000m runner Dominique Scott-Efurd to win the national 5 000m title in Germiston last week, this would make her ineligible to compete against women over shorter distances at international competitions. On Friday night Semenya, the world and Olympic champion, features in the start lists for the women's 800m race. Though she will turn out as the firm favourite in an attempt to extend her lengthy unbeaten streak over the two-lap distance, she faces a field which also includes the likes of Francine Niyonsaba of Burundi and American Ajee Wilson. "We believe that Caster will shake off the world attention currently around her to give us another exceptional performance and give the world new topics to talk about. She is an outstanding athlete who has a continuous hunger for great results," said Athletics South Africa (ASA) president Aleck Skhosana. Two South Africans will enter the blocks in the women's 400m hurdles race. Commonwealth Games bronze medallist Wenda Nel and world Under-20 champion Zeney van der Walt are up against the likes of Olympic champion Dalilah Muhammad of the United States and Commonwealth champion Janieve Russell of Jamaica. "We are confident that our three girls will give great competition in their respective events. They have been in and around top international level,” said Skhosana. "Zeney is already catching the global attention at senior level and should find it comfortable as she builds on her increasing experience. Wenda is a fighter and will not be different at her race except as looks for higher performance outcomes."