POLOKWANE City mentor Jozef Vukusic wants his side to keep their foot on the accelerator and push for a strong finish to what has been a fairytale season for them. The title might be out of their reach, but Rise and Shine are still on course to achieve their best ever finish in the Absa Premiership. They are looking to surpass their previous highest finish in the league, which was sixth place back in the 2016-17 season under the tutelage of Belgian tactician Luc Eymael. They have already amassed a record highest 44 points from their 28 matches so far this campaign, one point better than their previous best of 43. They currently occupy fifth place on the standings and are guaranteed of a top eight finish, which was their target at the beginning of the season. Rise and Shine’s 2-0 victory over Highlands Park at Makhulong Stadium over the weekend was their 11th of the season. Vukusic, who has been taken by surprise by how well his charges have performed this season, now wants them to finish in style. “Our target was top eight,” said the Slovakian-born Vukusic. “We have done well to achieve that target with games to spare. “If you look at the whole season, I think the team have been very strong, and the number of points we have collected is very pleasing.” The Polokwane-based outfit next welcome relegation threatened Chippa United at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday (3pm), before facing Orlando Pirates on the final day of the season on 11 May. Vukusic, who has coached in Mzansi before, having been in charge of NFD side FC Cape Town, admits that the PSL has been a different challenge altogether for him. But the 54-year-old, who was voted coach of the month for October, has enjoyed every minute in the top flight. “I have been coaching for over 20 years at the highest level in many countries, so when I came here I knew South African soccer because I coached here before. “But to come back and achieve what we have done is special, this is a tough league, there are no favourites, everyone can beat anyone. We will wait for the last two games to see what happens, but I can already say that we have played a fantastic season,” added Vukusic.