DARREN Keet’s alleged refusal to renew his contract with Bidvest Wits, which expires next month, has added to the Clever Boys’ annoyance in the second round of the 2018-19 Absa Premiership season. If you want to blow Gavin Hunt’s temperamental fuse, or have chief executive Jose Ferreira choke on his puff of cigarette, then start the topic of Keet and they will let it all explode. Keet, who will be Bafana Bafana’s number goalie for the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Egypt next month with Itumeleng Khune sidelined by injury, is strongly linked to Kaizer Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns. However, Chiefs are believed to have put up a mouth-watering offer for the 29-year-old from Cape Town to help Amakhosi’s ailing goalkeeping department that has been left stranded by Khune’s injury. They have been in the market for a new goalkeeper following another disastrous season where they are at the risk on missing out on the top eight bracket. As for Downs, the ageing Denis Onyango is about to reach his sell-by-date and Kennedy Mweene has been erratic and cannot be trusted by Pitso Mosimane. During their 3-1 win against Baroka FC at their Milpark stadium on Saturday, Hunt was forced to ask for Keet’s help after Ricardo Goss was given a red-card for a professional foul on the visitors’ Mduduzi Mdantsane who was tripped on his way to score. Then Keet was called to step in for the first time in as many matches after he has been left to rot on the bench, and at the time one of Wits’ goalscorers Lehlohonolo Majoro was sacrificed. And true to Hunt’s meaning, “a goalie had to come on”. “Nothing has been finalised (with Keet’s contract) as yet,” Hunt said, as he celebrated three goals from Majoro, Cole Alexander and Robyn Johannes against Baroka. “He is still our player and he will play in the last game. Look, Darren has ambitions... it is up to him. “He knows there was an offer made. I am not sure what happened except that there was an offer made.” On signing Ajax Cape Town’s Brandon Petersen, Hunt said they always had to act swiftly with Keet’s situation threatening to leave them thin at the back. “With Darren’s situation then we had to get someone in as cover,” Hunt said. “I know it is a big ask and a big jump for him, but he has a lot of potential. You know me, I am not afraid of playing young players.” Ferreira threw all his cigarette packs all over the place when approached about the Keet situation. “The Keet story has gotten out of hand,” he said. “You guys must speak to Keet. He knows more than I do, or his future club, inclusive of us. “There is no such thing as automatic (contract) renewal in the league. I would like to discuss other players whose contracts are expiring and all I get is about Keet, please guys... Keet has a contract with Wits until end of the season, and beyond that we will see.” Keet was unavailable for comment but he has always indicated his desire to play abroad and continue with his overseas career like when he played for Belgium club KV Kortrijk from 2011-2016  