ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa went on stage at the ANC Siyabonga gathering outside Luthuli House on Sunday to urge ANC members to stop going at each other in public. But that message seems to have gone over ANC members Fikile Mbalula and Carl Niehaus. In the early hours on Tuesday morning, Niehaus took to Twitter to complain about being blocked by Mbalula. Niehaus tweeted "Hmmm so this young chap, Mr Fearfokkol ??, @MbalulaFikile, has gone & blocked me. He seems to fear much, especially engagement about his blatant opportunism, careerism & lack of respect for his seniors, such as the SG of the ANC, comrade @Magashule_Ace. Talk about real cowardice!" Hmmm so this young chap, Mr. Fearfokkol ??, @MbalulaFikile, has gone & blocked me. He seems to fear much, especially engagement about his blatant opportunism, careerism & lack of repect for his seniors, such as the SG of the ANC, comrade @Magashule_Ace. Talk about real cowardice! pic.twitter.com/q1SB8GMIrz  Mbalula didn't take being called chap all that well. He replied, "You are a crook what the hell you are doing at Luthuli house is still a mystery to us now that we are done with elections we must deal with you." You are a crook what the hell you doing at luthuli house is still a mystery to us now that we are done with elections we must deal with you . A whole funeral??????????Carl you don't respect us pic.twitter.com/M0gFmRl3v8 So the Funeralpreneur called Carl Niehaus has the gallbladder to attack othersComrade Fikile must deal with him proper pic.twitter.com/MGctymgfVh This Carl Niehaus is another big problem after Ace Magashule! He is a huge disgrace to the white race! Stupid AF! The CIC of the Corruption Defence Force! Gatwe a deputy minister went to Carl's mama funeral and the mama was still alive. Oh Modimo. Imagine bbzes pic.twitter.com/4oVpNamk29 Carl, let's rather talk about the money you took from people with your story about having bone marrow cancer. A Deputy Minister even went to the funeral of your mother, only to discover that she was still alive. https://t.co/1gRCKsHNng 