YOU can always have this trust on Temba Bavuma! The 28-year-old from Langa in Cape Town roared with flavour when he led the Highveld Lions to a 11 runs victory against Warriors, with four ball to spare, in the CSA T20 Challenge final on Sunday night. The final franchise trophy of the
season victory comes an indication of what to expect in the following term. Cricket SA (CSA) boss Thabang
Moroe was equally excited with the Lions captain: “Although cricket remains a team game it, would be remiss of me not to
make special mention of the respective captain’s innings by Bavuma and
Jon-Jon Smuts. “By any
standard this was a wonderful final and well done to all the players, coaches
and support staff on both sides. “It has
been a highly competitive season of franchise cricket with one of the
highlights being the way the league play has gone down to the final weekend in
deciding which four teams qualified for the semi-finals. This
happened once again in this competition with the outcome depending on the
finally completed league match between the Lions and the Titans. “With a
number of our Standard Bank Proteas missing the tournament because of their
overseas commitments either at the Indian Premier League or the England county
season this has provided the opportunity for a number of young players to make
their mark. Ryan Rickelton, Matthew Breetzke, Sinethemba Qeshile and Bjorn
Fortuin, who all featured in the Final, fall into this category and they are by
no means the only ones. “The future
of our cricket looks very bright as our talent development pipeline continues
to turn promising talent into polished diamonds. It has
also been heartening to see young coaches making their mark at franchise level.
Enock Nkwe has had a particularly outstanding debut season at the Lions, doing
the franchise double, and Rivash Gobind at the Warriors and Ashwell Prince at
the World Sports Betting Cape Cobras have also done very well. “I am sure
the selectors at the various Mzansi Super League teams will have taken note of
the outstanding individual performances during the CSA T20 Challenge. 