THE stage is already assembled for five Mzansi boxing sensations to battle it out during Boxing South Africa’s (BSA) Boxer of the Year Award for 2018. Two stablemates and IBO world champions Kevin Lerena, Thulani Mbenge, IBF intercontinental junior champion Azinga Fuzile, WBO intercontinental title holder Yanga Sigqibo and SA and ABU champion Ronald Malindi are leading top of the nominees list. The list was announced by local boxing regulator yesterday at Uncle Tom’s Hall in Orlando West, Soweto. The ceremony is expected to take place at the Sandton Convention Centre on 17 May. In what could be seen as a surprise exclusion or snub, two top local world champions – Hekkie Budler and Moruti Mthalane – appear nowhere on this year’s nomination list. However, BSA’s hands are tied on this one as nominations are done by means of public voting. On the other hand, World Boxing Federation (WBF) female bantamweight champion Bukiwe Nonina, who walked away with Female Boxer of the Year award in the last two editions, will be competing with Mellisa Miller and Thema Zuma in the female category. Although the much-anticipated boxing awards are delayed as they were held at the beginning of the year in two previous instalments, BSA is happy that finally they will take place. BSA chief executive Tsholofelo Lejaka said: “We are quite excited about the awards. If you have to do something then you must do it right... even if it means to delay it a little bit so that you are on solid ground when you make firm decisions. It’s unfortunate that we had to delay it a bit. “We had discussions with the first province we wanted to be our host province and they had their challenges and it was acceptable. And we started conversations with home of champion, Gauteng province, and they agreed to work with us,” said Lejaka. For the first time in South African boxing history, there will be a tournament taking place during the ceremony, and BSA chairman Peter Ngatane was also available to display the trophies that will be won on the night.