ORLANDO Pirates will have to overcome a dangerous Cape Town City if they want to keep their Absa Premiership title hopes alive. Bucs travel to Cape Town to face The Citizens at Athlone Stadium on Saturday (3pm), in what is set to be an epic encounter. The Soweto giants head into the clash fully aware that anything other than full haul of points could prove disastrous in their bid to secure their first title in seven years. Defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns are relentless in their pursuit of Bucs, as the race for honours looks set to go right down to the wire. As it stands, Pirates are top of the standings with 53 points from 28 games, level on points with second placed Downs, who have an inferior goal difference. Their opponents, Benni McCarthy’s Citizens, are further down in fourth place with 47 points from 28 games. Although the Citizens are realistically out of the title race, they could still have a big say and potentially determine its destination. Since the inception of the Cape Town based club in 2016, they have consistently been a thorn on the side of Bucs. In six meetings, Pirates have only managed one win against The Citizen, which came in 2017 when Thabo Qalinge netted a late winner in Cape Town. In the reverse fixture, Bucs were cruising 2-0 at Orlando Stadium, but City changed the form book in the second half when now former player, Ayanda Patosi, struck twice to salvage a draw. This time around, McCarthy is eyeing an even bigger upset against his former team, which could help Downs snatch the title from right under their noses. “It’s going to be an emotional game,” said McCarthy. “For Pirates, it’s been five or six years they are in this situation. “The last time was when I was still at the club. “Unfortunately, they face me and my team, and Cape Town hasn’t been the best hunting ground for them, so they are probably the most nervous than Mamelodi Sundowns and Bidvest Wits. “For our side, we just want to make it a big spectacle for the fans.” McCarthy has previously expressed his wish for no-nonsense referee Victor Gomes to be in charge of the match. “I hope the league look at the stature of this game and give the best officials possible to handle the match,” he added.