THE dream continues... Royal Eagles and Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila’s series of thoughts and images of playing in the PSL will gain momentum from today when they kick-off the promotion/relegation play-offs. The National First Division (NFD) teams are joined by KZN side Maritzburg United, who finished the past PSL season 15th on the log, as they charge towards their dream of completing the list of the Absa Premiership clubs. Players of these three sides have been made aware of the stakes – promotion to the PSL. The stage is set at the Chatsworth Stadium where Eagles and TTM, who finished second third in their NFD league, will start proceedings at 3pm. Eagles coach Sazi Ngubane said mental fitness would be very important in these play-offs when his team make their debut. “Our team had a great run in the second round moving from bottom to second. Now we want to take the play-offs with the same attitude,” said Ngubane. “We have prepared these boys to be mentally strong and rely on the experiences of Strydom Wambi and David Booysenn who were part of Stellenbosch FC in 2017 when they were in the play-offs. This season, Eagles and Tshakhuma met twice, with Ngubane’s boys emerging victorious in Limpopo. They drew in the second leg, which was played in Kwa-Zulu Natal. Ngubane warned his players that they cannot drop the ball now: “The technical team has played its role, now the ball is in the players’ court, they must finish the job. They have done exceptionally well moving from position 11 to finish second. “Tshakhuma are never an easy side to beat, but we have a plan for them. After that game, we will then start planning for PSL side Maritzburg.” Eagles striker Khanyisa Mayo said they are still chasing a dream of their late coach Roger Sikhakhane, who died last year after a long illness. Mayo said: “Our chairlady (Shawn Mpisane) told us that we must be in the PSL next season to honour our late coach. His intentions were to take this club to the PSL, and now we still have an opportunity to achieve that goal. “We only need to start the play-offs with a win against Tshakhuma to ensure we do not find ourselves under unnecessary pressure at the later stage.”