OPERATION
Okae Molao has left some shebeen queens and kings high and dry. The
SAPC in conjunction with Gaureng’s Saturation unit and the JMPD raided the
troubled kasi of Alexandra, Joburg. The
operation which yielded 88 arrests, focused on roadblocks, illegal immigrants as
well as cleaning out illegal shebeens in the area. Beers,
Ciders and other form of alcohol were confiscated from illegal shebeens. Some
of the beers were removed from the fridges were ice cold and ready for
consumption. The
cops who were in a no-nonsense mood, also confiscated refrigerators to prevent
the owners from continuing operation without having proper documents to do so. Some
tried to salvage their fridges claiming they were for house hold foods, but
police didn’t buy that story because they didn’t even find a piece of meat in
the fridges which were full of beers.  Some
owners struggled to hold back their tears as their beer crates being loaded at
the back of police vans one by one. One
owner, who asked not to be named, told Daily
Sun that the raid and confiscation of the alcohol will affect her badly. “The
money I make in the business, I use to pay for my children’s school fees and
food. “It has
been the only source of income since my husband was imprisoned.”  When
asked why she didn’t apply for a liquor license, she claimed she was still in
the process of doing that. Police
Spokesman Kay Makhubele said: “This is the continuous operation which was
started last year, where the premier Daivid Makhura initiated Operation Okae
Molalo in Gauteng.   “We
identify places where we go and such for wanted suspects, more than 85 suspects
were arrested for various cases such as, rape, house breaking and theft.” He said
their operation also entails searching for liquor licenses from shebeens.  To
other illegally operation shebeens in the area, Makhubela warned that police
mean business and will make sure that they are rooted out in the communities. Makhubele
said they will continue the operation and searching for dangerous wanted
criminals  