KAIZER Chiefs defender Ramahlwe Mphahlele says they will do whatever it takes to end their four-year trophy drought by winning the Nedbank Cup on Saturday (7pm). Amakhosi face National First Division outfit TS Galaxy in the Ke Yona final at Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban. The 29-year-old revealed that they want to erase last year’s bad memories that saw them booted out in the semi-final stage after a 2-0 defeat by Free State Stars, which led to their fans turning violent. Said Mphahlele: “We spoke about it to say last season we were knocked out in the semi-final and this year we went one more step ahead. We are in the final, we are happy, we will give everything.” What gives Mphahlele hope is that TS Galaxy coach Dan “Dance” Malesela won’t park the bus. He went on: “We are playing a good team and we know Dance (Dan Malesela) will play football, wether he is facing Mamelodi Sundowns, Chiefs or Orlando Pirates. They deserve the respect because they didn’t get any favours to be in the final.” Mphahlele said winning the trophy will bring a smile on their fans, who are disappointed after they failed to qualify for the MTN8 Cup, for the first time in 12 years. The Soweto giants finished the Absa Premiership season in an unfamiliar ninth position on the table. “The hurt of not making the top eight will be there, even if win the cup on Saturday. It was disappointing not to qualify for the MTN8 Cup, but we have something to play for now. We had to dust ourselves and say guys the reality is that we are number nine, but we have to move on.” Mphahlele said having a trophy in their cabinet is more important at the moment than getting a call-up in Stuart Baxter’s squad to compete in Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) finals. Explained Mphahlele: “I know its important for every player to be there (in Egypt), but the bigger one is here (at Chiefs) where I get my bread. This is how my family survives, so my focus at the moment is on the final until Saturday around 10pm. I am not even thinking about the national team because if I don’t do well here, it will be a big problem.” Meanwhile, Malesela said they are not going to Mabhida to be second best. “I want to win the cup. History doesn’t remember the team that came second.” Chiefs will pin their hopes on veteran striker Bernard Parker and Khama Billiat, while Galaxy will look to Zakhele Lepasa to upset Amakhosi.