SOCCER fans were treated to the most sour ending of what was supposed to be an intriguing finish in the history of the Premier Soccer League (PSL). This is the strangest occurrence in the league after chairman Irvin Khoza, Kaizer Motaung and others worked tirelessly to build and position the brand as one of the best in the world. Just like in the 1980s and the 1990s, it seems boardroom decisions are again ruling the roost. We thought those dark days were long gone and forgotten. This past week, when Mamelodi Sundowns had the entire local soccer fraternity on tenterhooks when they were facing Golden Arrows in their penultimate match, news broke that the PSL were overriding their Disciplinary Committee’s judgement that the Brazilians must have points deducted – instead of paying a fine – for their transgression of playing Wayne Arendse against Bidvest Wits in October. That was a time when Sundowns had to focus on their game plan and strategies against Abafana Bes’thende. After being knocked out of the Caf Champions League, Sundowns needed the three points to overtake Orlando Pirates at the top of the log table, which they did. They needed to be in the right frame of mind, but the news that they may still lose points, came back from the dead – Freddy Krueger-style. Why bother? Sundowns would have be forgiven for asking, if they did ask. Pitso Mosimane ended up saying he was not going to celebrate even if they were crowned champions yesterday. Who can blame him? It seems like there was a more conceited effort to making sure that Sundowns forfeited three points, and if that is/was the case, who is/was going to benefit? Orlando Pirates, yeah the same Buccaneers who are owned by the chairman of the league. Doesn’t that leave a bitter taste? I know fans love winning trophies – but any self-respecting Bucs supporter wouldn’t want to win the league title in the boardroom, even though rules are rules. It just feels wrong and leavres a bitter taste. We were treated to such a sideshow last season, when towards the end, boardroom decisions saw Ajax Cape Town losing points and relegated for fielding Tendai Ndoro. It’s now no longer negotiable that the PSL needs full-time employees in their DC structures to speedily and efficiently finalise cases. It’s a bit embarrassing that the league has now appealed two of it’s own DC cases recently. Arendsegate happened in October and should have been finalised before the end of last year. The league also needs a permanent CEO. The current CEO, Mato Madlala, is too busy playing with her grandkids to be taking important calls from the media on weekends. If you want to get a lecture of how important it is to spend time with the grandchildren, just give Madlala a call on a Saturday. I thought football was played on weekends, and that may just require the CEO of such a company to put in a weekend shift or two, once in a while. Arendsegate dragged on for far too long and waiting for the last round of matches is a sheer act of killing the competitive spirit of the league. Hard-working coaches and players sweat week in and week out to deliver results, only for points to be taken away from them via the boardrooms. It’s more rewarding and exciting when matches are won on the field – which is the cornerstone of sports! This is all just a bad PR from the Premier Soccer League!