NATIONAL First Division (NFD) outfit TS Galaxy are on the brink of history, barely a year after coming into existence. The Rockets, who were formed last year in July, are eyeing their first piece of silverware in the form of the Nedbank Cup. They will take on Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs in the Ke Yona cup final at the 55 000 sold-out Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban on Saturday (7pm). The Mpumalanga-based side are the fourth team from the NFD to reach the final of Mzansi’s version of the FA Cup after Mpumalanga Black Aces, Pretoria University and Black Leopards. Dan “Dance” Malesela’s Rockets, though, will be hoping to become the first team from the PSL’s second tier of professional football to lift the coveted trophy, and take home the whopping R7 million prize money up for grabs. They will have to overcome a wounded Amakhosi, who head into the final reeling after they missed out on a top 8 finish in the Absa Premiership, following their 1-0 defeat to Chippa on the final day. The Nedbank Cup represents Chiefs’ final chance at silverware this season, as they look to end their four season barren spell. The Rockets’ skipper Ludwe Mpakumpaku, though, says that will not happen at their expense and believes they will instead pile more misery on Chiefs. “The excitement has died down a little and we are focused on doing the job at the weekend,” said Mpakumpaku. “We have done extremely well to get here and we are determined to go all the way. “Chiefs will be a tough opponent no doubt, but if we play like we know we can, then there is no reason why we can’t beat them. “We’ll give them the respect they deserve, but they will do well not to underestimate us as well.” The 25-year-old shot-stopper believes there is no right time to play a team such as Amakhosi, who can suddenly click into gear and dismantle any team at any time. However, Mpakumpaku believes a fearless approach will do them good at the weekend. The Rockets will also be buoyed by seeing their star players Terrence Mashego and Zakhele Lepasa bag nominations for Nedbank Cup Most Promising Player and Player of the Tournament yesterday. “It’s nice to see Lepasa and Mashego get recognition, but the whole team deserve credit because we have been brilliant in this competition. “And now we need to finish the job, even though it won’t be easy, “They (Chiefs) might not be playing well at the moment, but the form book goes out of the window in games such as this,” added Mpakumpaku.