BRING it on! So says Orlando Pirates coach Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic as he fires back at Benni McCarthy ahead of their crunch Absa Premiership match against Cape Town City. Bucs will travel to Cape Town to lock horns with the Citizens at Athlone Stadium tomorrow (3pm) with their title hopes on the line. The Soweto giants lead the pack with 53 points from 28 matches, equal with second-placed Mamelodi Sundowns who have an inferior goal difference. Bucs head into their penultimate match fully aware that anything other than maximum points could derail their title charge. The forthright McCarthy fired the first salvo at Micho, saying the Citizens will throw a hand grenade at Bucs and disrupt their title plans. However, Micho has welcomed the challenge with open arms, making for an interesting battle. “We know the danger they pose, but we are ready to eliminate it. We might throw a few of those ‘hand grenades’ back at them!” retorted Micho. “If football is played by mouth then many teams would have already won the league. “We have the utmost respect for them. But let’s see what those football hand grenades they have promised will do to us. We are happy to be in this situation. It gets the best out of everyone.” The Serbian tactician is hoping to lead Bucs to their first title in seven years, having fell short to eventual champions Downs by five points last season. They are two matches away from piping the Tshwane giants to league honours this time around. Micho said his charges are fully focused on their own situation with the season winding down to a close, and are not concerned about what their competitors are doing. The 49-year-old former Uganda national team mentor was named Absa Premiership coach of the month for March/April yesterday in Joburg – his second monthly award of this season. Black Leopards marksman Mwape Musonda, who is the leading goal scorer with 15 goals, also bagged his second player of the month award, while Kaizer Chiefs’ Khama Billiat won the goal of the month for his strike against SuperSport United. “We are extremely proud that for the second consecutive season, we are bringing Pirates to the CAF Champions League,” added Micho. “We want to surpass last season’s 55 points that we achieved and the game against Cape Town City is another opportunity to do that.”