HE has won an overall 14 awards in his incredible career as coach ranging from Absa Premiership titles, cup games and African club trophies… But if you thought Pitso Mosimane has had enough and happy with his achievements, then you have something coming. The Mamelodi Sundowns coach is not anywhere close to bragging rights and raising his tail up high that he has “arrived”, and starts being pompous. A refreshed and highly motivated 54-year-old from Kagiso joined sports journalists in Rosebank on Thursday, after having run a few family errands that he missed for months while engaged in football commitments. “You must use such rare spare moments to spend with family,” he said. Better known as “Jingles’ in football circles, Mosimane, who has only coached two teams in South Africa – SuperSport United and Sundowns - says the reason for the Brazilians’ success since he took over is his drive to “win the next game”. “My drive is to win, playing against either a good or weak team,” he said. “My planning changes with every game, I want to see what I teach in training come out positive in the match. I am driven by what I see in training - are they (players) coming out or not? “We always want to win the league, cups and everything that we play for.” On a more personal note, Mosimane does not see all his achievement record, which is by far better than any local coach, making him any special to contemplate on moving to something else, but he remains motivated to win more. “It is not about what we (Sundowns) have won,” said the former Bafana Bafana coach. “Alex Ferguson has won 46 trophies – what motivated that guy?  Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho, how many trophies have they won? And I have (won) about six and I start saying… ah no! You can’t say there is nothing for me anymore. When I am with those people then they will start asking, who is that guy? “You cannot be arrogant, we need humanity. It is tough out there. Carlos Ancelotti is one of those underrated (coaches). He has won the Champions League I don’t know how many times, it is many. He is still driven by… we need to go and work. If you are not motivated then you must quit. Some of us love this game. (Gregg) Popovich, how many years has he been there? Every day he stands up to go and do it... What motivates him for the next match?” The reigning Absa Premiership coach and semi-finalist in the Caf Champions League, Mosimane says he is more motivated by coaches like Ferguson, the former Manchester United mentor, and all those. “But we have to learn and be careful of other things,” jumped in Mosimane. “You must listen to your body too. If you are tired then take a sabbatical because it is enough. It is a different environment in Africa, unlike in Europe.” He said he is committed to Sundowns and likes to lead a team that he enjoys coaching like the Chloorkop outfit. “You can move on with clubs…” said Mosimane, whose skills and achievements have reportedly attracted a number of clubs in Egypt. “A move to Al Ahly (Egypt) would be a good move because you’ll be making money. When you go into that space then it is all about money. Then they fire you after six months having signed a three year contract, and because it didn’t work out then there you are OUT. You have money for three years in six months. You have a name... A lot of coaches have not won much but have made money. “Some of us work for our contracts. You get paid and you carry on. I honour my contracts, I don’t threaten (current employers) that this one needs to sign me and all that. But it is humbling to be recognised…” Mosimane will use this spare off-season time to recharge by seeing Dentists, doctors and spent time with family on holiday before coming back to plan for the next coming season.   