 DESPITE having been robbed two points by a dubious decision from referee Phelelani Ndaba in their league draw against SuperSport United last weekend, Bidvest Wits enhanced their chances of qualifying to the African Confederation Cup with a 3-1 Absa Premiership win against Baroka FC. This match played at the Bidvest stadium in Milpark was equally poised for both sides, but the Clever Boys used their home ground advantage to run amok with the ball while Baroka opted for long balls, which didn’t work. Wits went to the break leading Baroka and it was clear as daylight that the home side will walk away with this one considering the stature of the Bakgaga players. For all his faults Lehlohonolo Majoro managed to slot in a goal after dribbling past an out of sorts Baroka goalie Elvis Chipezeze, and turned on to the west of the pitch to pass the ball into the yawning net. But so unforgiving is Wits coach, Gavin Hunt that he showed no mercy and sacrificed Majoro after their big setback when goalie Ricardo Goss was flashed with a red-card. It seemed intentional on Goss’s tackle on Mduduzi Mdantsane just outside the box. And granted, especially after a terrible refereeing lately in the PSL, referee Abongile Tom didn’t hesitate but flash a straight red. Wits went on to the break with a slender 1-0 lead. But Baroka chairman, Khurishi Mphahlele, who was watching on the stands, could not be outdone as he equally shouted instructions in the heat of the moment. The second half of the match was a feast of goals as Wits stretched their lead to 2-0 in the 55thminute via Cole Alexander’s boot, which was followed by Robyn Johannes’ penalty kick, as Baroka’s schoolboy mistakes in the box continued. But the Limpopo side will not drive all the way back to Ga-Mphahlele without anything to show, Tshediso Patjie slotted in what could be seen as a consolation goal. This win takes Wits straight into the 50s mark, something that Hunt has always wanted, and now they are standing on 51 points ahead of their final league match against Golden Arrows in KZN. ALL RESULTS: Kaizer Chiefs 1-1 FS Stars Bidvest Wits 3-1 Baroka FC Maritzburg United 3-1 SuperSport United AmaZulu 1-1 Black Leopards Cape Town City 2-2 Orlando Pirates Polokwane City 1-3 Chippa United Highlands Park 1-0 Bloem Celtic