NOMPUMELELO Nyandeni was the notable name that was not on the list when Banyana Banyana coach Desiree Ellis announced her squad for the Women’s World Cup in France. Nyandeni, who has earned 149 caps in the national team colors played in the 2012 and 2016 Olympics and will not be going to France for the World Cup as coach Ellis has decided to inject young blood in her team. Nyandeni lost out in midfield, where the likes of teenagers Karabo Dhlamini and Sibulele Holweni who played in the Under-17 World Cup last year in Uruguay made the cut. Goalkeeper Mapaseka Mpuru and defender Bongeka Gamede are the two uncapped players in the squad. Banyana’s big names such as 2008 African Women's Player of the Year Noko Matlou, reigning African Women's Player of the Year Thembi Kgatlana‚ Linda Motlhalo, Refiloe Jane, Leandra Smeda and forward Jermaine Seoposenwe are also made the cut. At the announcement of the squad at Safa house on Friday afternoon, Ellis said: "Our squad not only has senior international experience - in the Olympics‚ continentally‚ in the Africa Cup of Nations and Cosafa Cup but also from junior Under-17 level too. "It has a combined total of more than 1‚000 international caps in it." "I have looked at all the scenarios and I wanted to make sure that I gave players as many opportunities as possible to show themselves. "It was a difficult period to complete the final squad with many players raising their hands, and that is why we left it until late to announce our team.” Ellis added: “I have always believed in the saying that if a player looks ready, don’t mind their age, just give them a chance.”Banyana will assemble for the camp on Wednesday and departs for France on Thursday. Banyana are in a tough Group B with Germany‚ China and Spain.They will make their World Cup debut with a fixture against Spain in Le Havre on Saturday‚ 8 June.Captain Janine Van Wyk (166) is one of four players in the squad who have gone past a century, the other three being Matlou (152), Nothando Vilakazi (129) and Jane (104).