TODAY marks 26 days before the 2019 Fifa Women’s World Cup kicks off in France. From 7 June until 7 July, 24 qualified teams, including France as the host nation, will compete to win the title. The eighth edition of the Fifa Women’s World Cup will take centre stage in nine French cities from 7 June to 7 July. Banyana Banyana, who will be making their first appearance at the World Cup, have been hard at work preparing for the event. Their plan is not to go to the world event to add numbers. Banyana are currently in the US for the final stages of their preparation. Banyana will test themselves against World Cup reigning Champions, the US. Kick-off is at Levi’s Stadium in Santa Clara, California, is 10pm. This is the last opportunity for players to impress coach Desiree Ellis. They will have to play hard to give her reasons why they deserve to be part of the final 21 players who will represent Mzansi in France next month. Banyana’s US-based midfielder Nomvula Kgoale is also hopeful that she will make an impression and add something special to help her secure a spot in the final team. She said: “It’d be an insult for me to say I’m not eager. ’m not interested to go to the World Cup no… that’s not how it is done. I’m very much interested. Hence I’m here. My presence should speak volumes. “But one can do so much. I can only do what I’m able to do. And the rest is up to the coach. She went on: “If it’s not good enough or they are looking for something else they will pick. The rest I will have to let it go because “If I keep clinging on to the fact that I should be making the team, I’ll end up depressed and stressing. “I don’t need that now,” she said. Kgoale was part of the SA Under-17 team that played in the 2010 Fifa U-17 Women’s World Cup in Trinidad and Tobago. alongside Jermaine Seoposenwe, Kaylin Swart, Robyn Moodaly, Rachel Sebati and Jabulile Mazibuko. Heading to the match against the US, she said: “I’ve played in the US for the past five years. “I do have an idea of the kind of soccer they play, the kind of players they have in the team. “They possess quality and I’m looking forward to being part of the game.” This will be the second time Banyana face The Stars and Stripes, in 2016 where Banyana lost 1-0 to US in a match which was played in Chacago before the Brazil Olympic games.