"THE truth is
eventually going to come out about how it (the recording) was disseminated and
why it was disseminated." These were
the words of former Bosasa chief operating officer (COO) Angelo Agrizzi after
proceedings in the Equality Court, sitting in the Randburg Magistrate's Court,
on Wednesday. Speaking to
the media, Agrizzi had little to say. All he asked was for the "law to
take its course. Simple as that." Agrizzi
said he regretted making the utterances contained in a leaked recording of a
meeting that took place at his Fourways home during which he referred to black
directors of Bosasa as k****s on numerous occasions. A recording
of former Bosasa boss Angelo Agrizzi uttering a string of racist slurs,
including the k-word, has been labelled as "extremely offensive and
totally unacceptable" by deputy chief justice Raymond Zondo. The SA
Human Rights Commission (SAHRC) took the matter to court after the clip was
played at the state capture commission of inquiry. "I
have apologised and we will now do that in court, thank you," he said in
response to journalists' questions about whether he would like to apologise to
South Africans. Agrizzi's
legal team and the SAHRC have asked the court for time to negotiate a possible
settlement out of court. "We
hope that we will be able to find each other and reach an amicable settlement
which will show that Mr Agrizzi is committed, or has shown some form of
contrition, for the utterances attributed to him," SAHRC Gauteng manager
Buang Jones said after the proceedings. He said the
commission also asked Agrizzi to pay R200 000 in damages and it was hopeful
that they would be able to come up with a proposal which would please both
parties. Jones said
the organisation has also asked the court to direct that Agrizzi undergo a
sensitivity programme and issue an unconditional apology to South Africans. "We
hope that as we commence with our discussions, these are the key things that we
will be discussing," Jones said. He added
that at this stage, they were not certain whether the parties would settle the
matter out of court but they were positive because of Agrizzi's and his legal
team's eagerness to engage in discussions with the SAHRC. If the
parties did not reach a settlement, Jones said, the commission had two
witnesses who were executives at Bosasa and who were willing to take the stand. "For
now, I can just say they are two black executives at Bosasa," he said. Agrizzi's
instructing attorney Daniel Witz said they were considering the settlement of
the R200 000 claim. However, he added that they would also look at the aspect
of donating to charity rather than paying the SAHRC. "When
this matter was raised at the Zondo commission, Mr Agrizzi did show remorse and
apologised profusely to the citizens of South Africa. In terms of this matter
here today, any apology will be discussed during settlement, alternatively in
court," Witz said. SOURCE: NEWS24