 Mzansi is divided after Daily Sun exposed a lie behind the Uyajola 9/9 Atchar saga. Some said they have been suspecting that the episode was fake, while others say they will continue hiding in their houses till the show ends. Nkosingphile Moyo said all this was too good to be true and that she suspected from the first episode. “It was just too convenient that everyone happened to be in a position where they get caught. That’s just amazing,” said Nkosingphile. “Also, the fact that they didn’t show us what they investigated and how they found the infidelity, is just another red flag. I’m not stopping anyone from watching the show by the way,” she added. Basani Honwani said her instincts also told her that this was definitely fake. “The story didn't make sense to me. Bra voice said they met 15 or 20 years ago and then he said they met in 1997 or 1998 in Bara Soweto. "Then when they were at the house, the alleged son walked in where his Mom was caught cheating and he walked in like someone who lived there. The story was just a mess,” said Basani. Marsh Major said all these where staged to enhance the purpose of the show. “Bro Voice and the lady having met in 1997 and the baby at hand Themba, looks way older than a 22-year-old boy,” he said. “Second of all, the lady never said anything about Themba in the confrontation, not until a crew member said and she only answered in support,” he added.  S'thembiso Phakathwayo said this is just like WWE Wrestling. “Growing up we used to think it's a real thing but as soon as we found out they acting we stopped watching it. Same will happen with this show and many people, including myself, will boycott it,” said Sthembiso. Nomsa Chabalala said she suspected this when the wife started confessing without being asked and Themba just showed up on time. But she will keep watching anyway. Not all Sun Readers believed what has been written in the people’s paper, some said these are lies and that Daily Sun should leave Jub Jub alone. Thabelo Ramulifho said this cannot be true. “To make the story true, you should have taken new pictures of the guys, interview Jub Jub and not take old pictures and make a story,” said Thapelo. Phumla Mthembu Daily Sun and Moja Love are now working together to bust cheaters. “We know you are trying to trap us. We are scared of Jub Jub and no investigation of yours will make us cheat in peace, Never!” said Phumla. 