IYAQALA Inkathazo! This is the phrase made famous by the late actor Ray Ntlokwana in a drama series “Velaphi” where he would react with “now there starts trouble” every time when things are about to get nasty. It is about to get nasty at Polokwane City. Yesterday City chairman, Johnny Mogaladi, has broken his silence and reacted to reports that his coach Jozef Vukusic has resigned and is leaving Rise and Shine. Mogaladi told SunSport that the Slovakian coach has not spoken to him about possibilities of leaving the club. But Vukusic has been quoted all over the media saying that he has spoken to City manager Bernard Molekwa, who doubles up as assistant coach, that he has decided to quit from his position. “Vukusic is still my coach,” Mogaladi insisted yesterday while emphasising that the coach still has a two year contract, binding him until 2021. “I am expecting him in camp next month for pre-season. You know the funny part is that I had an end of the season farewell function with my staff, and the coach was there with his family, and everyone was happy. “The first time I heard about all these ‘I am leaving’ thing is through the media. What I see written in the media cannot actually be coming from my coach.” Mogaladi said Vukusic, before leaving for holiday in Slovakia, has assured him that he will be back in camp on 24 June where they will be starting with pre-season training. City have qualified for the season-opening MTN8 and would need to start camp early to be ready for the tournament that carries R8 million as first prize. “It was his plan that everyone must be back from holiday on 24 June,” added Mogaladi. I don’t believe everything said about my coach. We have a good relation, I even invited his family for our farewell party. When he wanted to go home, I was there and bid him well after we had lunch.” Mogaladi is not a chairman to be taken lightly a season ago he had Luc Eymael by his throat for breach of contract. Eymael just left City and signed the second contract with Bloemfontein Celtic which put him in trouble. Vukusic’s reasons for leaving City are that he wants to spend time with his family, but rumour has it that he has earmarked another coaching job with a big PSL club, which might become vacant soon. “I wanted to be fair to Polokwane and let them (be) aware now that I’m leaving so that they could have time to look for my replacement. I did that out of respect for the club and my chairman, and of course the supporters who have been kind to me,” Vukusic told the Citizen. “... the process of finding a new job will start when I have finalised terminating my contract with Polokwane.”