A total of seven South African
athletes are in the entry lists for the second leg of the 2019 IAAF Diamond League series
to be held in Shanghai, China on Saturday. Three
men, who have displayed solid early season form on the domestic circuit, will line
up in the long jump contest. World
champion Luvo
Manyonga, African champion Ruswahl Samaai and resurgent
athlete Zarck Visser,
will turn out against a field which features the likes of European champion
Miltiadis Tentoglou of Greece and former Asian champion Wang Jianan of China. Also
looking to gain momentum on the international circuit after winning her 13th
national title at the recent ASA Senior Track and Field and Combined Events
Championships in Germiston, Sunette
Viljoen is in for a battle in the women's Javelin. The
Olympic silver medallist is up against in-form Chinese athlete Lyu Huihui, who
boasts a season's best of 67.72m and former European champion, Tatsiana
Khaladovich of Belarus. On
the track, Akani
Simbine will turn out for his first 100m race of the year
in what is expected to be a thrilling battle. The
Commonwealth Games champion will enter the blocks alongside a powerful trio of
American sprinters including Michael Rodgers, Noah Lyles and Christian Coleman
- who holds the world indoor 60m record. In
the men's 110m hurdles event, SA record holder Antonio Alkana will
be eager to build on his campaign after clocking a solid season's best of 13.38
on the domestic circuit. Looking
to go quicker against a quality field, he will face Olympic champion Omar McLeod
of Jamaica, former world champion Sergey Shubenkov of Russia (competing as a
neutral athlete) and Orlando Ortega of Spain, who have all dipped under 13
seconds in their careers. Though
it is not an official IAAF Diamond League race, national record holder Clarence Munyai will
also make an appearance in the men's 200m contest. The
line-up for the half-lap race is spearheaded by world champion Ramil Guliyev of
Turkey and Olympic silver medallist Andre de Grasse of Canada. Schedule of athletes (SA time): 12.10pm
- Sunette Viljoen (Javelin Throw women) 1.25pm
- Luvo Manyonga, Ruswahl Samaai, Zarck Visser (Long Jump men) 1.45pm
- Clarence Munyai (200m men) 2.26pm
- Antonio Alkana (110m Hurdles men) 2.53pm
- Akani Simbine (100m men) 