EGYPT President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi could not hold his excitement that he had to send a congratulatory message on Sunday night to the new Africa Confederation Cup champions, Zamalek SC. “Congratulations to Zamalek on the occasion of winning the African Confederations Cup,” the president said following Zamalek’s 5-3 victory on penalties following a 1-1 draw over two legs against Renaissance Sportive Berkane of Morocco. The north African country is currently in the spotlight in Africa having accepted rights to host the 32nd edition of the Total 2019 Africa Cup of Nations next month. This victory comes as welcome relief to Fattah al-Sisi as the 2019 Afcon has been embroiled in controversy following the bomb blast in the country where South African tourists were injured. Zamalek has literally erased those memories and made the country proud by lifting a trophy ahead of the continent’s premier tournament, Afcon, scheduled for 21 June to 19 July. Egypt’s biggest bet was in the Confederation of African Football (Caf) Champions League, but their favourite boys, Al Ahly were sent packing by Premier Soccer League (PSL) champions, Mamelodi Sundowns with a 5-1 aggregate thrashing. The Champions League final is scheduled for Friday between Moroccan side Wydad Athletic Club and Tunisian champions Esperance at the Stade Olympique de Rades. “Zamalek are the champions of the Africa,” the 12 times Egyptian Premier League champions shouted in social media networks. “(This is) after the victory over the rise of the Moroccan volcano in the second leg.” AFP reports that brilliant penalties enabled Zamalek to win in Alexandria and end a 16-year African trophy drought. Mahmoud Alaa converted a 55th-minute VAR spot-kick to give Zamalek a 1-0 second-leg win over Renaissance Sportive Berkane of Morocco and leave the teams tied at 1-1 on aggregate. With no extra-time in Caf club matches, the final went to a shoot-out and Zamalek converted all five penalties to win 5-3 before a near-capacity crowd in the 86 000-seat stadium. The regular-time penalty and those in the shoot-out were all expertly taken, with their power and placement giving Berkane goalkeeper Abdelali Mhamdi no chance. Success came as a massive relief to the Cairo-based club, who play some fixtures at the Borg el Arab Stadium almost 200 kilometres north-west of the capital for security reasons. After winning nine Caf titles between 1984 and 2003, Zamalek failed to add another until the victory over Berkane in a match that kicked off late on Sunday and stretched into Monday. There was a mix of relief and joy for the predominantly Zamalek-supporting crowd after the shoot-out as they became the third most successful club in Caf competitions with 10 titles. Al Ahly, Cairo neighbours of Zamalek and their greatest rivals for more than a century, have won 19 African titles and TP Mazembe from the Democratic Republic of Congo 11. It was the fourth time in 16 finals that a shoot-out decided the outcome with Hearts of Oak of Ghana, Stade Malien of Mali and MAS Fes of Morocco winning finals on penalties.