Former SuperSport United bad-boy Thuso Phala has apologised for his much publicised fall-out with the club.  Phala was issued with his clearance by gatvol CEO Stan Matthews to join a team of his choice at the end of the 2018-19 season. He was suspended before he was issued with his papers to leave the three-times league champions.The club cancelled a planned farewell party for him due to their toxic relationship.He was not even given a chance to say good-bye to his teammates. He signed for Black Leopards at the beginning of the new campaign and last week Friday, Phala faced-off with his former teammates for the first time after his controversial departure. Said Phala: “I went back to the chairman (Khulu Sibiya) to humbly apologise for the way I handled myself. I was emotional. I went to the chairman to apologise. I support this club; I have friends here and respect the fans. It was never my intention to hurt the club.” Phala said he remains the biggest fan and that he loves the team and he got paid a huge salary at Matsatsantsa.Phala said that he still loves the club that paid hima very huge salary:“They changed my life and I still watch their matches and celebrate when they win and score goals. To those I’ve hurt, please accept my heart-felt apology. I regret my actions.” But his departure from SuperSport left a whole lot more to be desired.Both parties exchanged harsh words. The acrimonious divorce made the headlines for all the wrong reasons. Phala admitted that he was emotional when he left, and he wished that he could take back the words that he said. Leopards held SuperSport to a 2-2 draw at the Lucas Moripe Stadium on Friday and Phala was seen embracing his teammates and the technical team after the game.He added: “It was great playing against my former team. I was happy to see them again and to return to the stadium that I once called home.”Phala said Polokwane where the team camps, is a relatively quiet area. But he is slowly adjusting to his new environment.