The former chairperson of national carrier SAA, Dudu Myeni,
on Monday failed to show up in court for the start of a case seeking to have
her declared a delinquent director. The case, which has been in the making since 2017, is being
brought by the Organisation Undoing Tax Abuse and the SAA Pilots Association.
They say it is based on her leadership when she was chair of the flag carrier's
board between December 2012 to October 2017. Neither Myeni nor her legal representative were present in
court on Monday. The applicants' attorney, Carol Steinberg, read out to the
court examples of the numerous interactions the applicants' lawyers had with
Myeni since serving her with a summons in March 2017. She also related the
difficulty they encountered when they tried to locate her after legal firm ENS
withdrew their services in June. She told the court that, when they eventually made contact
with her, she said she was unemployed and could not afford a lawyer. The court
also heard that contact was made with Myeni on Monday morning, where she
indicated her intention of speaking with the judge. Presiding Judge Ronel Tolmay said it would be improper to
make private contact with anyone outside the court process. She has allowed
Myeni the opportunity to present herself before the court on Tuesday. Tolmay said that like any citizen, Myeni would be allowed
access to state-funded legal aid if she cannot afford a lawyer. Myeni’s
previous lawyer, Daniel Mantsha, withdrew his services in September. Speaking after the court proceedings on Monday, Outa Chief
Executive Wayne Duvenage said the organisation was ready to proceed. He added
he was not surprised by Myeni’s no-show. “She has played a good game of ducking and diving, it is the
same behavior that she has previously demonstrated when she appeared before
Parliament,”  he said, adding “this is a
serious case”. If she is declared a delinquent director she will be blocked
from holding any position as a director in the future. Under Myeni’s tenure, the airline suffered losses amounting
to R10.5bn, according to Outa. Myeni, who was seen as a close ally of former
President Jacob Zuma, has denied allegations linking her to poor governance at
the state-owned carrier. SOURCE: FIN24