It seems there might be a light at the end of the tunnel for actress Vatiswa Ndara who has just had a meeting with Minister of Sports, Arts and Culture today. The meeting happened after she posted an explosive 6-part open letter revealing the exploitation of actors in Mzansi. She said in a Twitter post that: “Just had a meeting with Minister @NathiMthethwaSA giving me an opportunity to expand on the issues raised in the Open letter.  He'll respond to it in due course.  He encourages SA creatives to not lose momentum and keep up the burning spirit of progress."  Just had a meeting with Minister @NathiMthethwaSA giving me an opportunity to expand on the issues raised in the Open letter. He'll respond to it in due course. He encourages SA creatives to not lose momentum and keep up the burning spirit of progress.  Although at this moment, Minister Mthethwa has not yet responded to the allegations addressed in the letter. But instead posted on his Twitter account today that:" What is of paramount importance now is the unity of all the stakeholders in the Creative Industry, especially relating to the 2 pieces of legislation waiting assent. We are stronger fighting together than apart, let us unite in our resolve to revolutionise the Creative Industry." What is of paramount importance now is the unity of all the stakeholders in the Creative Industry, especially relating to the 2 pieces of legislation waiting assent. We are stronger fighting together than apart, let us unite in our resolve to revolutionise the Creative Industry. pic.twitter.com/yV3PIEfqov  The veteran actress caused havoc on Monday with her letter detailing what she described as exploitation by production houses particularly that owned by power couple Shona and Connie Ferguson, Ferguson Films. https://www.dailysun.co.za/Celebs/vatiswas-openletter-to-minister-shakes-the-industry-20191008  By yesterday other actors and actresses came out in support of Vatiswa and shared their own stories. Vatiswa was the lead actress of the Fergusons produced hit Igazi which aired on Mzansi Magic. Negotiations over her salary for the five week shoot for season three fell apart with Ndara wanting R700 000 and Ferguson Films offering her R110 000. Shona and Connie responded in a joint statement earlier today saying that some of the things said by Vatsiwa were not true. "We support 100% the need for the industry to be regulated and for the Performance Protection Amendment Bill to be signed sooner rather than later. We attempted to negotiate with the actress and her agent and they made it clear that Miss Ndara wouldn’t accept anything less than R700 000 for the five-week shoot. "She absolutely had the right to decline the offer, which she did and we on the other hand, had the every right to move on amicably." 