THE mother of former Uzalo actress Nokuthula Mabika’s victim has lost hope. Sbongile Maphalala doubted she’d ever get justice for her son, Sanele. This as she accused the cop investigating her son’s accident case of playing mind games. Sanele suffered severe injuries in August and ended in a coma. This after being knocked over by the alleged car belonging to the star who played Thobile in the SABC1 prime-time drama. According to Sbongile, the officer stationed at KwaMashu Police Station tried to make peace between her family and Nokuthula. Insisted Sbongile: “But we don’t want peace. We want her to be punished by the law. Maybe, that way we’ll find peace.” Sbongile claimed she received a call from the investigating officer on Saturday, asking to meet with her. “After the meeting, he begged me on her behalf, saying Nokuthula wanted to visit Sanele in hospital,” she said. “But I refused. “My son is ill. I didn’t want anything to disturb him. “But when I went to the hospital on Sunday, I heard from the staff that Nokuthula was there. “I was angry and couldn’t understand what mind games the officer and Nokuthula were playing.” Sanele’s sister, Thule Maphalala (35), said the officer was trying to confuse the family. Said Thule: “We understand the matter is still under investigation. “Although we’re not experts in law, we know it’s wrong for the officer to try and make the complainant forgive the suspect.” The Investigating Officer refused to comment on the allegations and referred the SunTeam to the provincial police spokesperson Lieutenant Colonel Thulane Zwane. Zwane said if Sbongile has complaints she should go to the police station and ask to speak to the station commander. Nokuthula was not available for comment. She also failed to respond to our SMSes. When he came to he seemed confused and didn’t know he was hit by a car allegedly driven by Nokuthula. Lieutenant-Colonel Zwane last week confirmed the incident, saying a case of reckless and negligent driving had been opened at KwaMashu Police Station. He said no arrests had been made but police investigating.