While other legends in Mzansi are struggling to make ends meet after retirement, middle distance veteran Hendrick Ramaala, seems to have everything covered. Ramaala is happy in love and he also taken on the role of mentoring youngsters. Ramaala and his wife Rodica Moroianu, will celebrate their 20th wedding anniversary in December.  But the pair are not focusing on that momentous occasion, they are more concerned about their athletics academy based at Zoo Lake in Saxonwold in Joburg. Ramaala is one of the most decorated sporting heroes with four Olympic Games appearances under his belt. He took part in the iconic New York City Marathon nine times. He ran the London marathon eight times, IAAF world championships seven times and he also shattered numerous records in South African athletics. The father of two Alex (19) and Sarah (11), won the New York City marathon in 2004, the only South African to achieve that feat. He also won the Lisbon half-marathon in Portugal in 2001 and the Mumbai marathon in India in 2003. He is the two-times world half-marathon silver medallist.  Ramaala has completed an LLB Law graduate in 1996, but it’s gathering dust at home. He is too busy with his athletics commitments to even think about his law ambitions. Ramaala joked about his qualification: “Maybe I will go into practice when I’m 60. If I can still run and coach, I won’t have time to be a lawyer.” He has a way of balancing his marriage and athletics passion. Like any other parent he drops and fetches his kids at school. He is seen as a father figure to his athletes at the age of 47. The third born in a family of eight siblings, is originally from Ga-Molapo outside Polokwane in Limpopo. But he rarely visits the village is he has businesses and other projects to keep an eye on in Joburg. Ramaala said: “I’m at my happiest in this sport. I’m happy with athletics and in my marriage.” But he is planning to venture into farming. “I want to venture into farming. I also have other business that helps me support my family. I spent my money wisely during my days as an athlete.” Rodica (49) was born in Romania, but she grew up in France where she met her husband. She says it was love at first sight. The couple are not working and have dedicated their full-time to mentoring youngsters twice a day at Zoo Lake. Prominent athletes in Ramaala’s group are SA cross champion Precous Mashele (29) and Desmond Mogkobu (31) are some of the senior athlete in his stable. Jacob Malepo (27), Kabelo Seboko (21), Bongani Dlamini (33), Tshepiso Khati (22), Thamsanqa Khonco (21), Maxime Chaumeton (19), Pharsons Magagane (33), Lucas Rantsho (32), Isaac Maselela (49) and Ntshindiso Mphakathi (29).  Rodica said marrying the legend was the best thing she did in her life “This is true love; passion and we have a lot in common. Even though we’ve retired from the sport, we are still as passionate as ever. We formed this group to make a difference. The idea is to produce tomorrow’s Olympians. Athletes come from everywhere and anyone interested in joining us is welcome.” Alex was born a runner but decided to try his hand at swimming and he is tipped to become the first ever black Olympian swimmer in the future. In December, his parents are moving him to Tuks where the best facilities in the country will help his performance. “He a wonderful husband, father and gets involved in everything concerning his children. He can cook, wash and excels in gardening.” Ramaala has invested in property and was clever with his savings as an athlete according to his wife. She added: “Hendrick is clever when it comes to money. We have properties and investments. He invested in human resources and is not bothered that he is driving an expensive car.” 