DESIGNER Thebe Magugu is going digital. Thebe, who
recently won a prestigious fashion award in New York, has collaborated with
Verisium Technology to create an App and a chip that will tell the story of his
designs. According
to the 25 year-old, when you buy his garment you’ll be able to scan the tag on
each cloth using your smartphone. The chip
will also give information regarding fabrication, compositions, names and faces
of everyone involved in the garment’s production, including updates. “All
garments purchased from Prosopography SS20 will include a Verisium micro-chip
on the main Thebe Magugu label. If tapped with a smartphone, using the
Verisium, it’ll tell a story behind it,” said Thebe. He said the
App will also reveal all his research and interviews on the inspiration behind
the collection. He said the new collection with the chip will be coming to key
stores soon. Unlike a QR
code, the technology allows for constant communication from the brand, which
will come up as a notification on your phone. Thebe Magugu x Verisium Technology All garments purchased from Prosopography SS20 will include a micro-chip in the main Thebe Magugu label that, if tapped with a smartphone using the Verisium App, will reveal all my research and interviews conducted on the inspiration behind the collection, that being the women of the Black Sash. When people think of South Africa’s history and its heroes, its all too often the men who come to mind. The Black Sash were a phenomenal group of women, who put themselves in a direct line of danger protecting P.O.C during our country’s dark past. I had the privilege of speaking to one of its members, who told me in the morning, she would cook for her husband and children in a conservative day dress and after they left for school and work, she would wear jeans, boots and an anorak to go out and protest. It got me thinking about the ‘double lives’ these women had to lead to survive. Read my full essay (with recommended reading) when you scan garments from SS20, coming to key stores soon. Unlike a QR code, the technology allows for constant communication from the brand, which will come up as a notification on your phone. The chips will also give information regarding fabrication, compositions, names and faces of everyone involved in the production of the garment, and updates directly from me. Image 1: Scanning the Red Twill Coat, made from High Twist Twill + Recycled Polyester (Plastic Bottles) Image 2: Black Sash women protesting in Cape Town, 1955. Copyright of National Library of South Africa, Cape Town Campus Image 3: Scanning the Thebe Magugu Basotho Poncho, made from Cotton. Special thanks to Erica De Greef, my past fashion theory lecturer and mentor, for guidance and connections with Black Sash members during the creation of the collection. Thank you team @verisium for bringing my thoughts into reality. X A post shared by  Thebe Magugu (@thebemagugu) on Oct 24, 2019 at 2:54am PDT