The
Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union says it has not been able to
reach a resolution with two major mining companies about wages, and has
referred the matter to dispute resolution body the Commission for Conciliation,
Mediation and Arbitration. The trade
union's president, Joseph Mathunjwa, on Tuesday repeatedly turned to scripture
as he updated the media in Johannesburg about ongoing platinum wage
negotiations and the union's position on possible job cuts at
Sibanye-Stillwater. Last week
the mining group, which recently acquired platinum producer Lonmin, announced
that 5 270 jobs at its Marikana mine are at risk. Sibanye said it had found
some of the operations it acquired from Lonmin could no longer continue as
going concerns. Retrenchment consultations have already started. During a
strike in 2012, 34 Lonmin mineworkers were shot dead by police at Marikana. Britain's
Prince Harry visited a de-mining project in Angola on Friday, where he
detonated a landmine and met with community members. AMCU had
opposed the merger of the two mining companies, fearing job losses would
result. The Competition Tribunal in November approved the R5.71bn deal, with
certain conditions in respect of retrenchments and social labour plans. The
union tried to appeal the decision, but the Competition Appeal Court in May
2019 dismissed its application. Wage
negotiations for the platinum sector have been ongoing for over three months.
The union and three mining companies – Anglo Platinum, Impala Platinum and
Sibanye – have been trying to strike a three-year wage deal since July. AMCU has
taken the position that R17 000 is reasonable as a living wage, Mathunjwa said.
He told journalists on Tuesday that the union has "exhausted the internal
dispute resolution mechanism" with Anglo American and Sibanye-Stillwater,
and the dispute will be referred to the CCMA. The union is set to meet with
Impala Platinum later on Tuesday. Mathunjwa
also said he expects the dispute with Impala to end up at the CCMA. Quoting
from the Christian Bible's Psalm 46 verse 10, he said mines must cooperate with
the process. "They
[mining companies] must be still as they say, 'Be still and know I am God'. But
this one [Sibanye] is not still.'" His comment was met with a chuckle from
the crowd. He is still
optimistic that the CCMA could help settle the disputes to avoid a strike. The leader
also said the union is pleased with improvements in health and safety measures
in the platinum sector. But he called out Sibanye for four deaths in the past
four months. "Sibanye is a stumbling block," he said Sibanye
spokesperson James Wellsted told Fin24 that there have been three fatalities
this year, two of which happened at Marikana. Another death was not
mine-related, but was health related. "We are focusing heavily on
improving safety at Marikana," he said of the mining company's efforts to
address health and safety concerns. Wellsted
added that Sibanye's gold operations have been without fatalities for a year. Pleading
poverty In his
address to media, Mathunjwa further took aim at Sibanye for "pleading
poverty" as a reasons for the proposed retrenchments at Lonmin, saying this
was "less than factual". He again
referred to the Bible, this time quoting the book of John, chapter 10 verse 10,
which refers to a "thief who comes only to steal and kill and
destroy". He likened mining companies to thieves who who have come to
"kill, steal and destroy" from workers and the communities in which
they operate. By
contrast, he likened unions to the son of God - mentioned in the same passage -
coming "to give life" to workers and their families. Mathunjwa
claimed that former Lonmin CEO Ben Magara received a "golden
handshake" when he left Lonmin. "They
used clever tricks to loot money, to show there is less profit," Mathunjwa
said. "The new trick is to pay out dividends to shareholders before wage
negotiations start to plead poverty. Remember John 10:10, the thief whose only
intention is to steal, kill and destroy. The thief belongs in prison." For its
half-year results, Sibanye did not declare a dividend. Mathunjwa
also took a dig at the Zondo Commission of Inquiry into State Capture, alleging
it is a one-sided platform targeting black leaders. He called for a separate
commission of inquiry, for the period before 1994, so that mine bosses could account
for looting minerals and other illicit financial flows. "Stealing
is stealing," he added. Minerals
belong to the people During the
briefing, Mathunjwa stressed that minerals belong to the people of South Africa
and that the government is the custodian of the resources. However, he said,
these have been held ransom by "a few people". "Minerals
belong to you and me. We have to benefit. We cannot be enslaved by mine bosses,
while they are scooping millions," he said. SOURCE:
NEWS24