SUPERSPORT United striker Bradley Grobler believes he can reach double figures this season. Grobler emphasised that this could be the season where a player scores 20 plus goals in the Absa Premiership for the first time in seven years. The last player to score 20 or more goals in the league was Siyabonga Nomvethe in the colours of Moroka Swallows in the 2011-12 season. While he insists that he doesn’t want to get ahead of himself, Grobler is quietly confident that he can be the one to emulate Nomvethe this season following his bright start. Grobler is currently on five goals in seven league matches, one behind leading goal scorer Peter Shalulile of Highlands Park. “It has been an extremely good start by a lot of different players and what is nice for me is that there is quite a lot of South African players getting the goals,” said Grobler. “It has been a good start to the season, not only for the strikers but for South African football in general. There has been a lot of goals in all the games, whether it’s defenders scoring, midfielders scoring. This is something that has been lacking in the league and has been criticised for a long time.” However, Grobler said he will need to work more on target shooting to achieve his goal. “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves, but I think people are finally realising that it is something we needed to work on and maybe that is finally happening. It will be interesting to look at the stats, come the end of the season and we have this conversation again. But at the moment, let’s give credit to the players who have been scoring goals.” Meanwhile, Namibian Shalulile, who has also been in fine scoring form, also admitted that he would like nothing more than to finish as the top goal scorer at the end of the season. “Every striker wants to win the Golden Boot, but I am not focused on that. I just want to help the team achieve big things this season and then hopefully, I can also achieve my personal goals at the end,” said Shalulile. “When I get chances, I always look to put them away, so we will see where I end up.” Shalulile will hope to have his scoring boots on when Highlands do battle with Black Leopards in the Telkom Knockout at Makhulong Stadium on Sunday (3pm). Grobler and his Matsatsansta A Pitori outfit will battle it out with defending champions Baroka FC a day earlier at the Lucas Moripe Stadium (8.15pm), as they eye their second trophy of the season having clinched the MTN8.