KAIZER Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp is hoping that the Fifa International break will be enough for some of his players to recover from injuries. Chiefs will not be in action until the weekend on 19-22 October where they will take play the last-16 of Telkom Knockout which will be launched on Wednesday 9 October. Players such as Samir Nurkovic, George Maluleka, Reeve Frosler and Kgotso Moleko all missed the last league game against Golden Arrows on Tuesday due to injuries. The German born mentor is hoping that by the time they resume with the league they will be back. “We are looking at this period to have the players recovering from injuries,” Middendorp told the club website. “Players like Samir Nurkovic, George Maluleka, Reeve Frosler and Kgotso Moleko will be back soon. He added: "I’m glad Ramahlwe Mphahlele is making steady progress as well. He is now playing as an extra man in training which is a good sign – he is close to making a come–back.” However, during the break Amakhosi will play two friendly matches against Mamelodi Sundowns in the Shell Helix Ultra on 12 October, and Macufe Cups where they will face Bloemfontein Celtic the following day. The coach says in these two matches he will give fringe players such as Philani Zulu, Siphelele Ntshangase and James Koteiwho have not got much game time this season a chance. Middendorp. stated: “We will use the upcoming friendly matches in the Shell Helix Ultra and Macufe Cups to get the other players who have not gotten the nod yet up to speed. “The players will want to use these friendly matches to demonstrate their readiness to be in the line–up.”Middendorp also heaped praise of Khama Billiat who displayed man of the match perfomance when Chiefs defeated Arrows 2-0. He said: “If you look at the contribution Khama made against Arrows, I can safely say I give him full marks” “He contributed to a team performance and deserves my praise. This is what we expect from the players. A team performance is what we need from all our players.