IT took doctors eight years to realise that she had two punanis. The doctors allegedly constantly dismissed her painful period pains. WOMAN GETS PAID ABOUT R20 MILLION FOR SHARING PHOTOS OF HER BUM She was shocked to discover that she in fact had two viginas, wombs and cervixes. Molly-Rose Taylor (19) was diagnosed with uterus didelphys which is a rare condition that doubles the number of reproductive organs. She reportedly started getting worried when the cramps caused her to often faint. The Daily Mail reported that when she inserted a tampon to soak up the gush of blood, it would continue to pour out. Doctors later discovered this was because she had a second vagina. How to catch a cheater! Side chicks deserve the truth! Boyfriend's 4-5 GONE! My lover's a party animal! Ms Taylor has since had an operation to remove the tissue dividing her two vaginas - but she has opted against any other procedures to treat her condition. Molly-Rose Taylor, 19, was finally diagnosed with uterus didelphys, a rare condition which means she has two vaginas, cervixes and wombs Molly-Rose said: “When I first started my periods, doctors would blame my age and say my body is still young and can't cope.” Until 2017 when she had an operation to have it removed, Molly-Rose had a 2cm-thick wall of tissue dividing her vagina, known as the longitudinal septum “As I got into my early teens, I attempted to use tampons, but it would fall straight out, I thought maybe it was normal. “It wasn't until I became sexually active with my then boyfriend, I began to worry as it was impossible and very painful.” From the outside, her two punanis - caused by a dividing tissue wall known as the longitudinal septum - are impossible to spot. 'Before my diagnosis I was advised to get tested for a sexually transmitted disease due to the bleeding and abnormal discharge. The publication reported that after eventually learning of her condition from a gynaecologist in 2017, she has lamented the lack of awareness of uterus didelphys, which affects around one in 3,000 women. 