CHEATERS around the country celebrated yesterday. For the first time in months, they finally felt they could rest easy. This was after Uyajola 9/9 aired its last episode on Sunday! The controversial Moja Love reality show, which featured Jub Jub barging in on cheating couples, was put on hold not long after complaints surfaced that a man who was found cheating on his wife was assaulted. Many felt the show encouraged violence. But others were happy that they could again cheat without being bust! The show had memorable episodes, such as that of two old men fighting for a woman at a tavern which ended with the woman leaving with the makhwapheni. Another one was that of the atchar woman who has a son with a neighbour. She used to sell atchar and had a son with a client. It even featured a gay couple, one of whom cheated after a 14-year relationship. He said he cheated because his partners’ 4-5 was too small. Nkosinathi Mthanti (29) from Mzimhlophe in Meadowlands, Soweto, told Daily Sun the show was cramping his style. “When I went to clubs, I always wondered when my turn would be. But now that the show is gone, sizojola kamnandi,” he said. Nkosinathi said his problem was that he occasionally liked having fun with married women. He said he feared one day a husband would barge in on him, along with Jub Jub and his crew. “That would have been the end of me. My parents and the community I come from would have been very disappointed,” he said. Nkosinathi said while Uyajola 9/9 was airing, he cheated smartly and made sure not to be seen with his lovers in public places. Ayanda Dube (30) from Mofolo said he was also relieved. “I like sugar mamas and I like it when they spend their money on me at nice paces, but we couldn’t go out anymore out of fear of being caught. Hamba Jub Jub. We won’t miss you,” he said. Musa Dlamini (35) from Zola said he started fearing the show after his friend was exposed. “After that show I stopped chilling with other people’s wives,” he said. SunReaders also expressed their joy at seeing the show end on Facebook. Jub Jub confirmed the news himself on his official Instagram page. He wrote: “Uyajola 9/9, we’re shutting it down. We’re finally going on a break. It has been a great couple of seasons, it has been a great run. We set the whole country lit. We saved a couple of homes and a couple of families and entertained people.” Lindiwe Mbonambi, head of marketing and PR at Moja Love, confirmed to Daily Sun that the show was on break. She said the channel will make an announcement when the new season will air. At the time of going to print, Jub jub had not been reached as his phone was on voicemail.