YOH! say what you want about his outrageous fashion style, but Somizi Mhlongo got this lowly scribe out of a self-imposed and rather self-indulgently long writing sabbatical. I was minding my own business when Somhale was trending last weekend, as the flamboyant couple dominated all sorts of conversations. From gatherings of rural folk under a tree in Bolobedu, to kasi gossip in corner taverns in Soweto, everyone had an opinion about some of Somhale’s five wedding outfits, especially the Egyptian-inspiredgold-and-white his-and-his outfits. A friend texted me and summarised the Egyptian outfit the celebrity wore at his wedding in two words: “Priddy Ugly”, in reference to the second celebrity wedding which took place that Saturday that was trending over the weekend. I was highly entertained by the outfits, or should I say, artworks and expected nothing less from Somizi. You don’t have to like Somizi’s avant-garde foray into fashion to appreciate that as much as there can only be one Michael Jackson and Elvis Presley in a lifetime, there’s also only one Somizi. Before Somizi, Jamaican-born model and icon, Grace Jones captured the world’s attention with her merging of art and fashion whenever she stepped out of the door. That made her sustain a modelling, singing and acting career since the 70s. Today, at 71, she’s bolder and sassier and still a huge crowd-puller. Then, there was Liberace, the world-famous pianist and singer whose colourful showmanship made fans flock to venues not only to enjoy his musical genius, but be entertained by his outlandish outfits and incredible performances. We can’t classify Somizi’s fashion experiments as umswenko or being an iskhothane. Growing up, I recall how every last Sunday of the month unleashed aboswenka, who walked in township streets in their expensive three-piece suits swinging their gold-plated walking sticks. This brand of fashion was nostalgia for European gentleman’s finery as many escaped the daily drudgery of working as miners, messengers and clerks during the week by putting on mean feathers during the weekend. You can’t help but admire Somizi’s perpetual chase for beauty as if he’s chasing that pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. As for the skhothane’s, their anti-materialism antics of spilling ultra mel custard on the streets and burning cash notes contradicts their addiction to wearing expensive labels, but we can also look at their action as defiance against capitalist consumerism that seems to have enslaved all of us. But as for Somizi’s style, haai Somizi’s style comes from a different place altogether. Somizi encourages us to chase our own kind of beauty, finish and klaar! And for that you have to be brave. So c’mon, let Somizi wear what he likes.