National reading-for-enjoyment campaign, Nal'ibali, recently launched a loyalty programme for all South Africans committed to making a difference in children’s reading development. Known as FUNda Sonke, isiXhosa for ‘everyone read’, the programme seeks to grow and support the campaign’s network of more than 17 000 literacy volunteers, known as FUNda Leaders, nationwide. The FUNda Leader network brings South Africans into the campaign in mentoring children to read and enjoy books and stories. And while reading regularly brings children many rewards, such as improved school performance, better job prospects and higher levels of self-confidence, the FUNda Sonke loyalty programme brings benefits to the adults who make this possible. FUNda Sonke members can earn points by completing online training courses and taking part in monthly literacy challenges. Points accumulated through participating in various activities puts members into the running to win prizes such as books, airtime and data. Then at the end of the year one lucky participant stands a chance to win the grand prize of a study bursary! “With 17 000 active FUNda leaders nationwide, the time seemed right to take this campaign to the next level,” said Nal’ibali Managing Director Jade Jacobsohn. FUNda Sonke takes all the elements of our successful volunteer programme and rewards South Africans for being the everyday magic that help make our children flourish.” Joining is so easy and since its launch in April this year, the programme has over 2000 people signed up from all over the country. To network with like minded literacy volunteers and a chance to win prizes, sign up today by going to www.nalibali.mobi and follow the simple steps. For more information about the Nal’ibali campaign, to sign up to be a FUNda Leader and join the FUNda Sonke loyalty programme, or to access children’s stories in a range of South African languages, visit www.nalibali.org and www.nalibali.org. You can also find Nal’ibali on Facebook and Twitter: nalibaliSA. 