A Port Elizabeth cop has been found guilty of
masterminding the murder of his wife Nomathamsanqa Tsitsi in November 2015. Mlungisi Tsitsi and his accomplices Msindisi Bhebhula,
Thembani Rorwana, Ndiphe Soqokomashe, Sicelo Mbanga and Ayanda Nyumka, were
convicted of murder on Tuesday. The court also found Tsitsi and Soqokomashe guilty of
conspiracy to commit murder but were all acquitted for unlawful possession of a
firearm and ammunition charge. Judge Irma Schoeman in her 82 pages judgment found that
the totality of evidence pointed overwhelmingly to Tsitsi and his co-accused. She also said that the State has proved its case beyond
reasonable doubt. She said "Tsitsi was in fact the mastermind as he
made a confession and that the five accused acted in common purpose and there
was contract of agreement between them. "Cellphone records evidence showered Tsitsi’s
cellphone was in contact for at least 31 times with Soqokomashe, between 1
November and 12 November 2015, and a few minutes after the murder in question was
committed. “Then after deceased was killed, the cellphone numbers
where never used again,” said the judge. Judge Schoeman said "another cellphone evidence
shows that Mbanga and Nyumka moved together from Zwide to Motherwell, following
the deceased who was traveling in a vehicle that was driven by Bhebhula. "The state prove beyond reasonable doubt that the
accused used cellphones as instrument of planning to commit crime," said
Judge Schoeman. When they went on trial three years ago, the six accused
pleaded not guilty to the charges. It is the state case that Tsitsi allegedly approached
Soqokomashe with a view to having his wife killed. At the time of the murder the couple had marital problems
and they were living separately. Soqokomashe supplied the gun to hitmen Mbanga and Nyumka,
and that Bhebhula was the getaway driver. On the morning of 12 November 2015, Bhebhula, Nyumka and
Mbanga allegedly waited for the deceased, a  police constable station at the Zwide police
station, and followed her and killed her when she arrive home The accused will return to court on Thursday for
sentencing proceedings.  