FOR MORE than five years they sat behind bars, jailed for a murder they didn’t commit. Now hip hop artists Mzamo and Andile Gwacela are free men. AND THEY ARE FIGHTING FOR JUSTICE THROUGH MUSIC! Before brothers Mzamo (36) and Andile (33) did time in Durban’s Westville Prison, they were members of hip hop group 2AM, which they formed with their home boys Mfuneni and Andile Mtolo in 2009. They recorded one album, Refreshments, before they were arrested. Their relative Qhutshiwe Gwacela was murdered a few days after Mzamo and Andile’s mother collapsed and died. The court heard the two accused Qhutshiwe of bewitching their mum and were both given life sentences in 2012 after they were found guilty of murdering her at KwaMachi in Harding, southern KZN. Mfuneni said he and his brother were arrested in Umbilo, Durban. “We were beaten and locked up,” he said. Eventually, they were jailed for life. “There was nothing we could do as the court had decided our fate,” he said. Mfuneni said prison life was tough. “We didn’t know what to expect,” Mfuneni said. “We were in the same cell, but it was difficult. “We witnessed people getting killed in front of us,” “We thank God that the truth eventually came out. “But our lives had already been negatively affected. “We paid for a crime we didn’t commit and it was painful.” The two were released after the main state witness changed his testimony and claimed cops forced him to implicate the brothers. He said their music career was taking off when they went to jail. “After prison life we decided to release a new song called Journey. It talks about our pain and experiences in prison. For us this is a healing process,” he said. Some of the lyrics go: “In there, life is difficult. Some were happy but I had to face reality. Inside that dark place I spent sleepless nights. I was tossing and turning with pain but I knew God would see me through.” Mfuneni said they never thought they’d get out alive. “We’re working hard to recoup the time we spent in jail. “The song also gives hope to those who’re serving jail time for nothing. “I say this because when we got there we realised many inmates were in the same boat.” Mzamo and Andile were released two months back. Their lawyer, Zwe Ngcobo of Dludlu Attorneys, said the two brothers were in the process of suing the state. 