CAPE Town City striker Siphelele “Shaka Zulu” Mthembu has declared war on Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs. “It’s war,” he said in Randburg yesterday after the two teams were pitted against each other in the Telkom Knockout last 16 draw. The Benni McCarthy coached side are eager to avenge the 2-1 defeat they suffered against Amakhosi at Newlands Stadium in August. The last 16 stage is pencilled in for the weekend of 18-19 October, with the final taking place on 14 December. Said Mthembu: “The tough games are made for tough guys. I think we are ready for Chiefs. We are hungry to win something and we are looking forward to the game. Playing tough games earlier (in the competition) the better our chances of winning the cup.” Mthembu says they will use home ground to their advantage and turn Amakhosi fans against their players. Added Mthembu: “When you stay in Joburg and come to Cape Town it is totally different. We have one or two tricks up our sleeves, because it’s out home town. “They have a huge support but it’s all going to be mind games and who wants it the most. Judging from experience when we play big teams, if they haven’t scored in the opening 20 minutes, the support they have will turn against them. “They will want the coach to make changes and this is what we are looking forward to. You know big teams get frustrated if they don’t score.” The former Chiefs striker revealed that they will use Ziwa Mo as a platform to improve their performance in the league following a poor start to the season. The Cape side have won just one game in eight outings. “We have been doing well, but we didn’t get results we wanted as we also drew a lot (five) of the games. A win over Chiefs will be a good confidence booster going into the next league game (against Maritzburg United on 5 October). Amakhosi keeper Daniel Akpeyi says they will be able to juggle their league ambitions while eyeing other trophies. He added: “We have been trying to get a trophy for some seasons (four years) now and this is a first step to achieve it. We are working hard to ensure we start winning something from this year with Telkom. Every win motivates you and we hope we continue with this momentum to lead us to success.” Akpeyi stressed that the mental block of not winning something still haunts them. “We always feel that and that’s why coaches have been pushing us to ensure we do well and if we can win all of them, why not.”