DESPITE few challenges ahead of an international friendly against Japan, Banyana Banyana coach Desiree Ellis is resolute they give Nadeshiko a good run for their money. The match will be played on 10 November at the Kitakyushu Stadium in Fukuoka, Japan (5:45am). On Thursday Ellis announced her 22 players who will assemble for the camp on Tuesday, 5 November and travel to Japan on the same day. Ellis revealed that there are some players she couldn’t get to join the team due to injuries and school commitments. Captain Janine Van Wyk is out injured while Hilda Magaia, Amanda Mthandi, Bongeka Gamede, Karabo Dhlamini and Sibulele Holweni are busy with year-end exams. "This is a chance for us to show our potential and character after the disappointment we suffered against Botswana,” said Ellis. “It is a big test for us as it comes on the back of a loss in the Olympic qualifiers. It will test players’ character against a formidable side in women’s football who have won the World Cup.” Banyana have three days to train in Japan before their friendly on Sunday, which will be followed by a practice match on Monday. But that does not faze the former Banyana captain as all the players in the team have been active in the Sasol League, as well as Safa National League. Ellis stated: “I am confident that with most players having featured for their clubs regularly, we will stand our ground. “This will be Banyana’s first game since they were booted out of the Olympic qualifiers by lowly-ranked Botswana in September. Banyana shock elimination saw them drop six spots in the latest Fifa rankings - from position 49th in the world to 55 while remaining on the third spot in the continent. BANYANA BANYANA SQUAD TO FACE JAPAN GOALKEEPERS Andile Dlamini, Kaylin Swart, Jessica Williams DEFENDERS Lebogang Ramalepe, Bambanani Mbane,  Nothando Vilakazi, Tiisetso Makhubela, Noko Matlou, Ongeziwe Ndlangisa MIDFIELDERS Leandra Smeda, Mamello Makhabane, Busisiwe Ndimeni, Refiloe Jane, Kholosa Biyana,  Linda Motlhalo, Robyn Moodaly, Noxolo Cesane, Nomvula Kgoale STRIKERS Jermaine Seoposenwe,  Rhoda Mulaudzi, Thembi Kgatlana, Lelona Daweti 