KAIZER Chiefs knocked Cape Town City out of the Telkom Knockout with a 4-2 penalties victory, following a 1-1 draw at the Cape Town Stadium on Saturday afternoon. As a result, Amakhosi booked their place in the quarterfinals, while the Citizens crashed out of the tournament. Chiefs went on to win with Erick Mathoho converting the last spot-kick which had the beating of City goalie Peter Leeuwenburgh Amakhosi dominated possession in the opening stages of the match and they won several corner-kicks which were cleared away by the Citizens. The hosts grew into the match and they started trying their luck from range as Mpho Makola forced Chiefs goalkeeper Daniel Akpeyi into a comfortable save. Chiefs were then awarded a penalty just before the half-hour mark as Taariq Fielies was adjudged to have handled Khama Billiat's shot at goal. Daniel Cardoso then stepped up and fired over the crossbar from the spot-kick much to the delight of the Citizens fans. The visitors were left to rue that missed chance as the home side broke the deadlock through their star striker Kermit Erasmus in the 34th minute. The former Orlando Pirates striker scored his second goal against Chiefs this season as his powerful shot from range beat Akpeyi to make it 1-0 to City. Chiefs were then to make two changes as the injured duo of Kearyn Baccus and Bernard Parker were replaced by George Maluleka, and Samir Nurkovic respectively. The score was 1-0 to City during the halftime break following an exhilarating first half. City were the better side after the restart and Nigeria international Akpeyi became a very busy man in the Chiefs goal-posts in the first 20 minutes of the second-half. The experienced shot-stopper made a double save to deny South Africa international Erasmus, before saving Bradley Ralani's effort. Akpeyi then made another save to deny Thabo Nodada and Mpho Makola's effort hit the crossbar as the Citizens looked to double their lead. However, Amakhosi took control of the match in the closing stages of the match they deservedly grabbed a late equalising goal. Substitute Nurkovic scored with an acrobatic effort from close range to make it 1-1 in the 83rd minute to ensure the match ended in a 1-1 draw in regulation time and extra-time followed. The two teams continued to attack each other in extra-time as Mathoho and Nurkovic were both denied by City keeper Peter Leeuwenburgh. While Shane Roberts saw his thunderous shot narrowly miss Akpeyi's left upright and ultimately, the match ended in a 1-1 stalemate, and a penalty shootout followed.   