A young man trudged into our  offices last Wednesday. His walk resembled that of a rumbling Wildebeest migration in the Serengeti, hoping for greener pastures on the other side. His face was glowing and brimming with hope. Unaware that what lay ahead was the disappointing truth of the entertainment industry. The man, whose name I didn’t get to ask, came to the office to collect the cash his talent agent had left for him after our sister newspaper Daily Sun’sexposé about the exploitation of budding actors and actresses in the industry. After the story was published, the agent called the newsroom to deliver the money the two quoted young actors claimed the agent owed them. The agent’s argument for leaving the money in our offices was that he didn’t want to deal with the actors anymore and also wanted the newspaper to deliver the money. The amount in question was a measly R250. When my colleague was done counting the cash and handing it to the young man, he completely lost it and nearly bit her head off in anger. He claimed the money was R50 short. There was no appreciation or thank you to my female colleague for winning the battle that he had failed to win in three months. What caught my attention during this scene was not his anger, but the amount he claimed they were paid as extras. This incident happened hardly a day after veteran actor Vatiswa Ndara had penned an open letter to minister of sports, arts and culture Nathi Mthethwa complaining about exploitation in the industry. Vatiswa’s letter drew some serious attention which also earned her an invitation to the minister’s office. As the debate unfolded, Vatiswa was interviewed on radio, TV, newspapers and online media to further shed light on the industry dynamics. Everyone had something to say, but this young man’s story only touched the guilty party. I have no doubt that the minister didn’t even look into this young lad’s plight, let alone read about it. Instead, he latched onto Vatiswa’s case. Don’t get me wrong, the minister isn’t wrong for giving attention to Vatiswa’s concerns. He needs to do the right thing. True, Vatiswa is demanding to be paid well.  what is due to her according to her worth, the money she is asking has more zeros than that of extras. But no one isfighting for extras to be paid handsomely. In the midst of it all, a veteranactor on a prime slot soapie and a top musician called me in a show of support for Vatiswa’s case. The two told me agents charge production houses more than R800 for extras. A quick calculation tells me they pocket R550, but what for? The minister may intervene to ensure actors like Vatiswa get a million for a gig but the problem will remain. He needs to go to the bottom of this issue. For heavens sake, extras leave home in the wee hours of the morning to catch taxis and buses to the point of call and return home round midnight using the same mode of transportation for only R250, and no one seems to care. We all know that the entertainment industry is full of sharks, if you don’t know how to swim, you get swallowed whole. Their struggle continues. They are the first to arrive on set and last to leave, for R250. The risk that they put their lives in, for that pittance is greater than that of an actor crying for an additional zero on her pay check. They’re robbed, raped and even killed for a dream that they will one day earn sufficient money to survive.