RED-HOT SuperSport United striker Bradley Grobler is eager to convert his scintillating domestic form to the national stage. Grobler has been on fire for Matsatsantsa A Pitori this season, scoring seven goals in his 10 appearances in all competitions – the latest of those goals coming in the MTN8 final over the weekend. That form has earned him a call-up to Molefi Ntseki’s recent Bafana Bafana squad. The 31-year-old will be looking to add to his two goals in eight appearances for Bafana. And with strikers Percy Tau and Lebo Mothiba nursing injuries, Grobler looks set to lead the line for Ntseki’s charges. They face a formidable Mali outfit in the Nelson Mandela Challenge at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth on Sunday (3pm).Having struggled with injuries in the past, which limited his chances for the national team, fully fit Grobler is raring to go as he looks to make his mark at international level.“I’m at my best, but I always want to improve. I always want to get better and I feel it is still early in the football season and there’s a long way for me to go,” said Grobler before their final training session at the FNB Stadium on Tuesday.“I’m very happy with where I am at the moment. I just have to keep working hard, looking after myself and staying fit, which has been a problem for the last few years.“But I’m very happy to be back with the national team. It has been a frustrating couple of years for me, going in and out of the team with injuries. I’m just happy to be back“I think I’m at a time in my career where I’m looking after myself and making sure that I am available for every match. I’m really looking forward to the game.”The annual football spectacle, which honours the memory of the late former South African president Nelson Mandela, will serve as preparation for the upcoming 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers.Bafana will play Ghana and Sudan in the back-to-back qualifiers as they eye a berth in the biennial championship, set to be staged in Cameroon. Bafana defender Musa Lebusa wants to use the friendly against The Eagles to cement his place in the Bafana team.“I just want to enjoy myself and if given the opportunity, I want to grab it with both hands,” said the Mamelodi Sundowns centre back.“But ultimately, it will be up to the coach to decide whether he calls me or not for the next camp.”