Your whole holiday budget doesn't have to be spent on your flight ticket when escaping to a visa-free island destination. When you're more interested in saving your money for excursions than spending it all on a flight ticket, just so you can hit the best season, your dates suddenly become extremely flexible. This is especially true if you start planning your trip early. You could be exploring urban landscapes in Singapore, hike old volcanoes in Reunion or listen to an authentic reggae band in Jamaica. All while feeling content that it didn't cost you an arm and a leg to get there. Let your inner penny-pincher squeal at the cheapest months to fly to these island destinations. *All flight prices from Skyscanner are return tickets from Johannesburg's OR Tambo International Airport checked on 1 October 2019. Cheapest month: October seems to be the best for your pocket, including cheap direct flights with Air Austral. Budget: A direct flight can be as low as R5 400 if you choose the right days, but stopover flights with other airlines go up to R16 000.  Cheapest month: June offers some of the cheapest flights to Mauritius, but includes making a stopover through Nairobi. Budget: Between R5 800 and R9 550 for a return ticket. In the azure bays of #Mahebourg, an explosion of colour zigzags across its gleaming surface as fishermen and boat enthusiasts prepare for a Mauritian #regatta. This traditional #boat race is a stunning sight from land and on the sea, and when planning your next trip to #Mauritius, be sure to coincide your schedule with a regatta either at Mahebourg or Grand Gaube. ?? @thatzietsmanlife . . . #ocean #indianocean #island #africa #travel A post shared by  Traveller24_SA (@traveller24_sa) on Jun 21, 2019 at 4:01am PDT Cheapest month: The cheapest flights to the isolated island are in May. Budget: Not the cheapest destination, tickets are around R14 100, and there are direct flights on specific days with Airlink.  Cheapest month: Most of February has the best deals, and the best deal is flying direct with Air Seychelles from Johannesburg. Budget: Around R5 000 for long stopover flights with Ethiopian Airlines to about R7 500 for direct flights. Just another day in paradise ?? ________________________ Check out ?? @crystalwaterkayaks #crystalwater #ladigue #ansesourcedargent #seychelles #seychelles???? #seychellesislands #kayaks #visitseychelles #beachaholic #holidaygoals #destinationgoals A post shared by  Angelika Klatka (@a_klatka) on Sep 22, 2019 at 10:31am PDT  Cheapest month: The cheapest tickets fall in the beginning of May, but these normally include stopover flights in countries like Kenya and Ethiopia. H Budget: For the long stopover flights you can get tickets for as low as R3 800, while direct flight can be between R6 000 and R7 000 - however lookout for Mango direct flight specials for just under R5 000.  Cheapest month: Check out October and November to help out your wallet, but the cheaper flights involve stopovers in Reunion and Nairobi. Budget: Stopover flights start around R6 500, while direct flights from Joburg are almost R13 000. Cheapest month: The end of November and beginning of December has the best options between Emirates and Qatar, though the latter only has one stop while Emirates has two. Budget: Cheapest starts at R11 400, and doesn't go much higher than R12 900.  Cheapest month: The best time to fly to the other side of the world is in October, February and March for a day of travelling with SAA and jetBlue. Budget: The best price is around R15 600 with only one stop in JFK, and anything higher involves making a lot more stops that are not worth it.   Cheapest month: Flying end of November and coming back beginning December gives you the best price, but involves more than 27 hours of travel time with Singapore Airlines. Budget: It starts at R10 000, but you can opt for a shorter travel time for a grand more. However, when flying through Singapore having a 23-hour layover is great because of the stunning Changi Airport. QUICK GUIDE TO MACAU: Visa-free travel for South Africans  Cheapest month: The party island of South Korea is cheapest when autumn turns to winter in November and December with Cathay Pacific. Budget: With only one stopover in Hong Kong, you're looking at about R13 100 for a return ticket over 21-and-a-half-hours. QUICK GUIDE TO SOUTH KOREA: Visa-free travel for South Africans   Cheapest month: Have a look in May for your best prices, but be prepared for almost 36 hours of travel time with two stops between Singapore Airlines and Air New Zealand. Budget: It starts around R14 800, but for a 28-hour travel time you'll pay around R16 895 if you're looking to get there faster.  Cheapest month: October and November will give you the best deals, but with a stopover in Abu Dhabi. Budget: The stopover flight is around R7 000, and a direct flight with Singapore Airlines will put you back around R18 700.   Cheapest month: Check out January for cheap flights, sometimes returning in February, with Emirates. Budget: With a long layover it's about R8 000, but for a quicker route for about R1 500 more travel through Singapore with their airline.  Cheapest month: Again October seems to offer the best prices with Ethiopian Airlines, which could have one or two stops. Budget: Cheapest starts at around R7 500, while direct flights hover between R11 200 and almost R29 000.  Cheapest month: You'd want to leave in February and come back in March, but for it to be cheap you'll have to spend at least three weeks there. Budget: Flying for 32 hours and with two stops, you can fly there for around R14 700 with Emirates and jetBlue. SOURCE/TRAVELLER24  