LOVE and sexy music was
the theme of the night as contestants serenaded the audience with soothing love
songs. South African Idols season
15’s live show held at the State Theatre in Tshwane on Sunday evening, was
opened by a performance from Simmy with her new single Ngiyesaba. First to hit the stage was
Soshanguve’s Nolo, who gave a rendition of Close the door by Tony. The judges were impressed
with his performance. Unathi said he literally
spoke to three generation. “I was saying to Randell
that this was your best performance this whole season. I love that song and you
were phenomenal,” she said. Somizi said the song
reminded him of his times. “You killed it. I kept on
thinking what your name stands for and thought it stands for Nyising Over, I
love songs ikokoto,” he said. Virginia kept it safe with
Linda’s Yomithandayo. Unathi wasn’t happy with
her performance. “I don’t think you did
that song any justice. It feels like you haven’t been here in the past weeks -
you need to fight to be at the end,” she said. Somizi on the other hand
enjoyed it. “Do you know what I loved
about this? You were gentle, now you understand what we mean when we say not
every song has to be out there,” he said. Randell said Virginia
didn’t reach out to the audience.  “I mean you didn’t make
them feel like the song was sang for them. You need to want that to be in the
competition,” he said. Mangaliso followed with ‘Be
without you’ by Mary J Blige and Somizi wasn’t feeling her. “Use your audience to
train you. You were there and you didn’t connect with your audience,” he said. Unathi differed with him
by saying that she couldn’t keep her eyes off her. “You gave it what you can
do. Your super power is that you are the most consistent contest in the
competition – you are rare and so talented,” she said. Loyola sang the late
Thami’s song. The judges said he is
consistent every week. Somizi said he was
charismatic. “There are some things
that people learn along the way and there are things people are born with. You
were born with charm. I could tell that you are single because you sang from
the heart,” he said. Mycala sang ‘Run to you’
by Whitney Houston. Unathi said the
performance was beautiful to watch. “Don’t be scared to go
there, don’t be afraid of the pain, and don’t be afraid to be that to be there.
What you gave us was magnificent,” she said. Somizi said she almost
made him cry. “You sang the song like an
18-year-old whose voice is innocent and you made me want to run to you,” he
said. Randell gave out the first
Whoooshame of the show. “Many seasons there were contents
that wanted to be Whitney and you were you,” he said. Viggy also kept it safe
with a rendition of Thee Legacy’s S’thandwa Sami. Somizi said she looked
like a super star, love and him. “This is up your lane. I
enjoyed watching you and you kept it safe,” he said Randell said she always
looks calm. “You look more and more
relaxed and sure of yourself. The minute the viewers see that the minute they
want to vote for you,” he said. The last performance from
the top 7 was by Sneziey with Brandy’s Have you ever. Unathi said she was
phenomenal. “The emotions behind the
song for me was interesting. Every week you give us something different, so
keep pushing yourself,” she said Somizi said she is a
superstar. “Do yourself a favour
whether you win or not. You either have to record an album. God created you to
be a superstar and you deserve a whooooo shame,” she said The youngest contestant
Nqobile was eliminated. Nqobile Gumede fainted
during her audition in 2016 after hearing she failed to make it to the next
round. She came back to Idols this year and got herself leaving the top 8 spot. She said she was proud of
being in the top 8.