Gardens, no matter how big or small, have the potential to
bring South Africans together, which is why on Sunday 20 October we are
encouraging all plant people to wear a flower crown and celebrate Garden Day
with neighbours, family and friends. Garden Day is for everyone: beginner gardeners, indoor plant
mums and dads, patio potters, rose growers and wild weeders. It doesn’t matter
if you’re part of a group of gardeners growing and harvesting home crops, or a
Gardashian whose perfectly pristine, rolling lawn is sure to make everyone else
turn green, you’ve worked hard all year, and now it’s time to hang up your
gloves and allow yourself the time to appreciate your garden.  Even plant
parents need a break. Garden Day was proudly created by Candide, a gardening app
that connects gardeners with fellow plant lovers, public gardens and plant
nurseries, with the aim of kick-starting a movement to unite all South
Africans. The app, which features an extensive knowledge base of plants, news
articles, plant identification, growing tips and virtual garden tours, aspires
to be the BFF of choice to gardeners everywhere. Enthusiasts are encouraged to show their support by making
and wearing flower crowns, and hosting a celebratory event. It could be tea and
cake, a glass of umqombothi, a plant swap or lunch on the lawn … as long as
you’re surrounded by greenery and toasting  the goodness our gardens give
us all year round . POWER PLANTS! Spending regular time in the garden has undisputed health
advantages, and there is an abundance of scientific evidence to back up such
claims. “Next time you’re feeling under the weather, down in the dumps or
stressed out, don’t reach for a packet of pills – grab your garden fork
instead,” says Professor Nox Makunga, a plant scientist at the Department of
Botany and Zoology at Stellenbosch University. “There are dozens of studies
globally that have looked into how gardening affects your health and there's only
one conclusion: gardening is incredibly good for you.” In fact, gardening is considered so beneficial in the United
Kingdom (UK) that it’s estimated that one in five doctors practice ‘green
prescribing’, where patients partake in regular gentle activities such as
community gardening to prevent diseases like diabetes and dementia, and tackle
issues like isolation. And if you are under the impression that gardening is the
preserve of retired folk with lots of time on their well-worn hands, think
again. Millennials in the UK, disturbed by an increasingly turbulent world, are
finding peace amidst plants, eschewing relaxation trends like yoga and
meditation and choosing to spend more time amongst plants. And this well-spent time can be extremely beneficial in a
number of ways: •            
Replace screens with greens for lifelong genes. Every hour spent in front of a
TV screen shortens your life by 21 minutes, whereas every hour spent gardening
lengthens it. •            
Budding brains. School gardening clubs teach children fine motor skills through
tasks such as transplanting seedlings and tying in tomatoes. •            
Green finger gains. Gardening gets us off our couches and increases physical
health by an average of 33%, also contributing to a decreased rate of heart
disease and diabetes. Half an hour pushing a lawnmower burns 150 calories,
equivalent to a moderate session in the gym…and you’ll never have to worry
about renewing your membership. •            
Couples who garden together, stay together. Yes, planting partners report that
they’re far more patient with each other. •            
Dig in. The secret of gardeners’ happiness could well lie in the soil: mice
show increased levels of serotonin – the ‘happiness hormone’ – when exposed to
soil bacteria. •            
Planting for productivity. Office workers who have houseplants on their desks
are 15% more productive than those who don’t. Ready…steady…grow! Taking part in Garden Day couldn’t be easier: visit www.gardenday.co.za to download a toolkit
with hints, tips and how-to videos, all aimed at helping your create the
perfect celebration. And don’t forget to join the movement by following
@GardenDaySA on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Share your Garden Day celebrations on social media by
tagging @GardenDaySA and using #GardenDaySA. 