The truth about germs is that we, as humans, are
continually coming into contact with them. From the workplace, school grounds,
shopping centres and public toilets we are surrounded by places where bacteria,
fungi and viruses can reach us. On average, a person will encounter hundreds of
thousands of germs a day. But the question remains, how do we protect
ourselves? Baby Soft® is sharing some essential tips
to protect yourself and your family from germs. Always
be prepared Make sure your
handbag is stocked with hand sanitiser, Kleenex® tissues, an emergency Baby
Soft® toilet tissue roll and Kleenex® hand sanitising wipes when in public.When
entering public restrooms, use either a piece of toilet tissue or a tissue to
open the door. Doorknobs are known to carry several different germs and
bacteria. This is mainly because many people do not wash their hands after
having been in the toilet, which results in the spreading of bacteria and
germs. Flush
the toilet with the lid closed When
you flush a toilet, the swirling water that removes your waste from the bowl
mixes with small particles of that waste, it then shoots those droplets into
the air[1]. This is
how bacteria can spread. Don’t forget to use a piece of tissue to press
the flush button and open the handle of the stall if you are in a public
toilet. Wash
your hands with soap Washing
your hands with soap is one of the most important things that a person can do
to avoid spreading germs from one to another. Research suggests that around 33%
of people don’t use soap when washing their hands. Washing your hands with soap
minimises the risk of you spreading bacteria. If you do not wash your hands
correctly, you could be spreading bacteria via the food you are preparing for
your family, by touching the button in the lift or by touching the weights at
the gym. Proper handwashing can reduce diarrhoea rates by 40% and respiratory
infections by close to 20% while failing to wash hands is believed to
contribute to nearly 50% of all foodborne illness outbreaks. An important fact to remember is that most bacteria on our hands is on the
fingertips and under the nails. The number of bacteria on our fingertips
doubles after using the bathroom. This is why it is so important to wash your
hands thoroughly after visiting the toilet and to make sure that you are
washing your whole hand and not just the palm.    