Mzansi will bid goodbye to Top Billing, which has  been one of the best and longest running lifestyle shows in Mzansi on Saturday. According to earlier reports by Sowetan Live, the show was cut off by the public broadcaster because it's expensive. Top Billing is produced by Tswelopele Productions is owned by businesswomen Patience Stevens and Basetsana Kumalo who was also a presenter of the show. The show has been hosted by the likes of Bonang Matheba, Ayanda Thebthe, Lorna Maseko, Jonathan Boynton-Lee, Maps Maponyane, Roxy Burger, the late Simba Mhere. The last episode of the show will feature Basetsana Kumalo.  SABC is yet to release a statement and the statement below was taken from Sowetan Live. Top Billing Statement It's been an exceptional 25 years from where I come from as a producer and co-owner of Tswelopele Productions. The privilege of producing an incredible show that has captivated South Africans and international audiences is one that warms my heart every day when I think of my very first day as a young presenter on Top Billing. This show exemplifies excellence and sophistication in arts, design, decor, fashion and broadcasting, creating countless jobs in its many years on air. It has been quite a ride and it is fitting that after 25 years, we salute this season as our final one. Every show has a beginning and an end and I must admit a quarter of a century is one great feat. Patience Stevens and I are so proud of the work and marvel this show has been in our lives and careers. We've enjoyed many accolades, experiencing its Longevity and watching audiences embrace living the The Top Billing life gives us goosebumps every day. It is a wonderful chapter neither of us will ever forget. We trust that the show has served audiences by inspiring them to dream big, embrace their inner creative genius and dare to live the life they deserve. From the presenters, producers and all crew, Top Billing wraps up this season as a series finale that will hopefully open the door for new opportunities and encourage young creative talent to trust in creating concepts that stand the test of time and style. Thank you for the journey, and the journey of Hope continues. Basetsana Kumalo, Executive Producer & Chairman of Tswelopele Productions 