Kanya Cekeshe, believed to be one of the last #FeesMustFall
student activists still in prison, applied for leave to appeal his conviction
in the Johannesburg Central Magistrate's Court on Wednesday.  His lawyer, advocate Tembeka Ngcukaitobi, drew attention to
Cekeshe's problematic legal counsel during the trial as well as the
discrepancies between his client's statement and the charges against him.  Cekeshe was convicted of public violence and malicious
damage to property when he tried to set a police van alight during the
protests.  He received an eight-year sentence and has been in Leeuwkop
Correctional Services in Bryanston, Johannesburg, since 2017.  'An extreme case'  In motivating for the leave to appeal on Wednesday,
Ngcukaitobi said his client's previous legal representation was highly
incompetent.  "This is not an opportunistic point. It is easy for
counsel [who are] assuming the case to believe they will handle it more
competently than previous counsel.  "But this is an extreme case. It is an extreme example
of incompetent lawyering. We have set out in full … 18 instances of incompetent
lawyering, the accumulative effect of which Mr Cekeshe simply never had the
right to legal representation that is provided for in the Constitution,"
Ngcukaitobi said.  These instances, he added, included constant
interpretations, incoherent rambles, constantly asking for the matter to stand
down because they were unprepared as well as lateness.  "At some point, counsel says he is an attorney and the
next moment he says he is an advocate… He then gives the advice to plead but he
never explains to the accused that the State bares a duty to prove its case
beyond a reasonable doubt and he doesn't explain that the accused has no duty
to prove his innocence," Ngcukaitobi said.  "What is clear is that there was never advice given to
the accused that, 'if you sign this statement you can be sentenced to eight
years'."  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/convicted-feesmustfall-activist-appeals-8-year-sentence-says-previous-counsel-was-incompetent-20191009   