ZOE  Modiga’s single titled, Lengoma, is a song meant to heal all African people who are going through a spiritual war. Zoe features lead singer of Urban Village, Tubatsi Moloi. With what is currently happening in Africa, Zoe hopes this song will heal people. Her primary motive is to make people fall in love with themselves. She’s been a transcendent performer and dynamic storyteller in the world of music. In a quest to dig deeper into her identity as a young black woman, Zoe now writes songs in her mother tongue to evoke soulful storytelling of the human condition. “Lengoma is the first offering and re-introduction to a new sound and new journey. “Through the single I want to explore the traditional West and Southern African influences paired with communal celebratory lyrics. “It’s all about the collaboration and working with different elements of African sound to be celebrated because music helps us meditate.” Speaking to SunBuzz, she said the single was different from her previous offering – because it was an introduction of her into the music industry. “This song communicated a united front that exist in the genres of music. Hence I’m doing it with Tubatsi. “It’s the first time I’m writing in my mother tongue and first time collaborating with another artist on my project. Needless to say, this was a beautiful challenge and embracing my language is part of what I aim to achieve, which is to celebrate my true blackness,” she said. “As a person who was born in Durban stayed in Pietermaritzburg and moved to Joburg where I had to have an experience with other languages it was a barrier to fully express myself in my mother tongue through music. Zoe said she has a lot of respect for Tubatsi, who’s a fan of Urban Village that’s been part of the movement that celebrates blackness through music. The song also features what most music lovers who follow Urban Village the Tubatsi horn. He is a generous person to work with because he gives you his all and understands that it is all about expressing yourself. I have always been a person who is involved in anything that involves a live band. To have a song that has different elements of African sound it is soul pleasing.”