MY FATHER’S music is being sold without my family’s consent. These were the sad words of Sfiso Mkhize, whose father was popular maskandi musician Mfihleni Mkhize, popularly known as Ikhansela of the duo Ikhansela no JBC. The 32-year-old from Ellis Park, Jozi, said his father’s music was being sold at different music stores and no-one in his family was informed. When he enquired at one music store, he was allegedly told Velaphi Mthimkhula, who worked with his father, had been distributing his father’s CDs since 2007. This is the same year Ikhansela died. “This is a disgrace,” said Sfiso. “How can someone sell the music of the dead without their family knowing?” Sfiso said a source once told him about this last year. “But I never took it seriously until late last month, when I came across the CDs at the Jet music store,” he said. “I immediately asked for the contact details of the person who distributed the CDs. “They gave me Velaphi’s contacts. I spoke to him and he admitted to this. “He promised to explain the situation to my family in August but never did. “Whenever I try to contact him, I can’t reach him.” Sfiso said his family had yet to receive royalties from the CD sales. “My father lived for his family and his legacy should be distributed among us, not strangers,” Sfiso said. According to Sfiso, it didn’t sit well with him that his family was struggling financially while his father’s music was being sold. “We want my father’s supporters and music stores to know about this.” Efforts to contact Velaphi were unsuccessful as he hung up the phone when called by the SunTeam. Southern African Music Rights Organisation (Samro) marketing and brand specialist, Jacqui Mabuza, said the Ikhansela’s estate had been handled. She said the nominated and registered beneficiaries under this membership account had all been paid royalties. Jacqui said the last payment was made on 1 July. “In relation to the CD sales, Samro administer the case as performing rights,” Jacqui explained. She said the Mkhize family should engage directly with Samro if they had any more queries.