 FIRE, LIGHTS and drama was the main subject! The Top 7 season 15 idols took their performances to the next level this week at the State Theatre in Tshwane. With the show stopper theme, the contestants went crazy on stage. The judges came slaying in show stopper outfits. Randall Abrahams was wearing traditional attire, Unathi was looking dazzling in a suit and Somizi gave a showstopper moment by doing an outfit change on stage in a dress-suit by Orapeleng Modutle.  The top seven opened the show with a dramatic performance of Old Town Road by Lil Nas X. While Mangaliso received the least votes and was eliminated before the solo performances. Guest artists KayGee DaKing and Bizizi made the audience dance with their popular song Kokota piano. Luyolo gave an energetic performance with Naak Music’s Dance till you drop. “I can see the hard work from the performance. You didn’t forget about the singing,” Randall said. Unathi congratulated him for making it to the top six. “I am so happy that you’ve made the most from it,” she said.  Meanwhile Somizi said he didn’t like the performance. “One thing I pride myself on, is that I say it how I see it. My standards with showstopper are goosebumps. “That song was straight and I’d personally expect more from that, I didn’t think it was nice,” he said. Virginia brought fire on stage with Khona by Mafikizolo. Unathi said it is always an honour to have people who are not afraid to take risks. “You tried your best. Congratulations, there were so many steps you tried to remember and you did,” she said. Somizi said he didn’t like the song choice. “It was a safe performance, there was nothing that stood out. I still want more,” Randall said he would’ve liked her to have more fun. Somizi sang praises for Viggy.  “Oh we thank God, finally that was a show stopper. The opening was amazing. All in all I give you a 10/10,” he said. Randall said she was the first performer who seemed to be enjoying herself. “The singing was a bit pitchy at the end but there is so much to remember so you will be forgiven,” he said. Unathi said it was a beautiful performance. “It’s not about how well you do it’s about the effort you take. And you were defiantly a show stopper,” she said. Sneziey brought soul and received a standing ovation with Tina Tanner’s proud marry. Randall said “All I am going to say is rolling, rolling, rolling,” Unathi said it was her performance of the night. “You look amazing, the dress is amazing. You’ve been in character from the beginning. “Everything you came to do on the show you accomplished in this performance,” Somizi said the song is one of his favourite songs and gave her the first “whooo shame” of the night. While Nolo kept it safe with Da Capo and Tresor’s Take it to the club. Somizi didn’t like his performance. “It was a show and not a stopper. You can be safe because you have a fan base,” he said. Randall said he wasn’t part of the performance. “You weren’t an essential part of the performance and that’s very unfortunate,” he said. Micyla showed off her rapping skills with worth it from Fifth Harmony. Somizi said it was a great song choice. “I enjoyed it but I want you kids to redeem yourself. You were too aware and safe and that takes away the attitude,” he said. Randall said she has to come out and prove herself. “It was good but not great. It looked like there was something in your head you were busy thinking about,” he said. Unathi said she must have fun. “When you look miserable on stage we get worried, but when you have fun we do too,” she said. On the other hand Mangaliso wasn’t expecting to leave the show. “I feel hopeful going forward. I did my best each and every week and I enjoyed myself. Since day one I was pushing myself. “At first I was just trying my luck, but I made it to the top seven. She said she is going to continue with her music career, modelling and theatre,” she said.