SPRINGBOKS captain Siya Kolisi believes his team has learnt enough from their Pool B loss to New Zealand five weeks ago to nullify any negative influence that might be brought on today’s World Cup semifinal by referee Jérôme Garcès. The Frenchman was a talking point after the game at the Yokohama Stadium, with the Boks tacitly accusing him of making mistakes through what they said at thepost-match press conference and also in the week that followed. But, as Kolisi pointed out, it wasn’t just Garcès who made mistakes in the All Blacks game. The team did too, and they have worked hard on rectifying those. “The most important thing is that we’ve learnt from that game and are definitely a better team than we were at that time,” said Kolisi. “All those errors, you can blame the referee as much as you want, but there is some stuff you want to fix as well. “We’ve grown as a team and want to make sure we first sort it out ourselves. Obviously, we’ll have a chat with him. “We know as a team we’ve got to make sure we do what we can, and when we’re right, we’ve got to let him know. “It’s important we dominate on attack and defence, so we don’t get the short end of the stick.” The next biggest challenge facing the Boks is breaking down the excellent Wales defensive system. Wales, under their highly regarded defence coach Shaun Edwards, were the first team to start moving to the rush or high defence system that has now become so much in vogue. They went into this World Cup with one of the best defensive records of all the teams, with South Africa being their main rivals now for the title of top defence unit in world rugby. While the Boks have stressed often during the build-up week that the Welsh will be difficult to break down, Kolisi said there’s a plan in place he thinks will work. “I can’t give away too much, but we have our ways and know what we need to do,” said Kolisi. “We’re very excited as a team. We’ve worked hard this week and know we’re facing tough opposition. “All we can do is focus on what we do best and what got us here. That’s what we’ve been doing this week. “We’ve prepared as much as we can and given Wales the respect they deserve. “But the most important thing is making sure we’re still good at what we do. That’s what we have focused on this week.” – Supersport.com