DOES school prepare confident and aspirational millennials and matriculants for the world? According to a teacher – who wanted to remain anonymous – at St Nicholas Diocesan, some are ready to face life and others are not. The teacher said: “It depends on the type of education they get. Yes, they can pass. But often they’re unable to make good life decisions.” He said the problem boiled down to the expectations they have. “Some think it’ll be easy to go to varsity and pursue careers of their choice,” said the teacher. If that doesn’t happen, they think it’s the end of life.” He said school-leavers needed to think outside the box. This as there was more than one way to make a living, even when they don’t succeed in their chosen career. “We have many successful people today because they chose to pursue other careers after their first choices let them down. “That’s the versatility young people need to have.” Experts point to the economic climate and warn of slimmer chances of goals being met by many of this year’s qualifying matriculants. Founder and CEO of Lulaway a youth employment solutions company, Jake Willis, said a 2019 matriculant has been educated from Grade 1 with a curriculum designed for an office employee (a blue- or white-collar worker). On top of this, digital access means the information they are learning reinforces a first-world expectation, that a school-leaver deserves, and is capable, of a decent job instantly. “Social media has shown them extreme wealth and celebritism from all over the world, which they believe can be their reality,” said Jake. “And then, our country’s unique historical narrative leaves many with a sense of privilege of being born into a democracy that automatically affords them a certain career path.” He said Lulaway has facilitated job placements for more than 40 000 youths in the past eight years. He said employers have to stop demanding matriculants for basic jobs, as this contributed to the high drop-off rate and poor job satisfaction at work.