CHIPPA United coach Norman Mapeza believes it will take a “miracle” to save the team from relegation with the squad of players at his disposal. Mapeza, who took over the reins from embattled former interim coach Duran Francis earlier this month, is struggling to turn the Chilli Boys’ fortunes around. They are still searching for their first win in the Absa Premiership after nine matches and are rooted to the bottom of the table. Their 2-0 defeat to Highlands Park at Makhulong Stadium on Saturday, was their fifth of the season. Chippa’s only victory this season, came in the Telkom Knockout when they beat Bloemfontein Celtic 1-0 in Port Elizabeth. Mapeza is convinced that unless he gets new players in the January transfer window, the dreaded relegation axe will fall on the Chilli Boys. “I have to be honest, I did not come here to perform miracles,” said Mapeza. “I am a football coach and I know this terrain. “If things don’t go well, coaches resign or get fired. But at the moment we need new players in every position. From the defence to the striking department. “That’s the only way. The way things are at the moment, it will be difficult to survive. It is clear, we need to bring in new faces. “I have spoken to the chairman, we need new players. We also need to look around in the GladAfrica Championship and if I have to bring in a few guys from Zimbabwe then I will also do that. Otherwise we will be in big trouble. We need players who will bang in goals.” Things don’t get any easier for the Port Elizabeth outfit as they next face Mamelodi Sundowns in the quarter-final of the Telkom Knockout at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Sunday (3pm). Next they will lock horns with title chasing Kaizer Chiefs in the league next Wednesday. With their top flight status under threat, Mapeza said they are not eager to progress any further in the TKO. “We won’t put much effort in this Telkom Cup, our main focus is the league because we are really struggling,” added Mapeza. “We will play against Sundowns in the quarter-finals and see what happens but much of our attention is in the league.”