DARLINGTON MANYAWU dresses one of the most prominent men of God in the country. But he has to beg for his money. He has a simple request. “PROPHET BUSHIRI, PLEASE PAY ME THE MONEY YOU OWE ME!” Darlington Manyawu (29) said Prophet Shepherd Bushiri of the Enlightened Christian Gathering Church has to pay him about R450 000 for clothes he sent him.  Darlington, based in Hong Kong, is the man behind the the prophet’s expensive clothes. “For the past two months I’ve been flying in and out of the country in search of Bushiri so he can pay back my money,” he said. He claimed Bushiri and his wife Mary, brother Micheck, spokesman Maynard Manyowa and church spokesman Ephraim Nyondo blocked his calls. “All I want is my money so I can continue with my business. Bushiri wears my clothes in front of the congregation and hasn’t paid.” He said he’s been doing business with Bushiri since 2016. He said Manyowa came to fetch bags full of clothes for Bushiri in Hong Kong.   “On 28 June I gave Manyowa four bags of winter, summer and formal clothes. Inside the bags were T-shirts, trousers and belts. “I was told my money will be paid when he arrived in South Africa.” But since then, Darlington said, he’s only been given excuses. “They said Bushiri was attending a court case.” He flew to South Africa on 14 September as he was told he’d be paid. “They gave me crazy excuses.” READ: SNAKE REVENGE TERROR! According to him, he travelled back to Hong Kong on 22 September, and 28 September he flew back to Mzansi again. Manyowa said he was in Zimbabwe and busy with a UK visa. “I’ve been blocked for asking for my money. I don’t know what to do. I’m not flying to Hong Kong until I get paid,” said Darlington. He said he’d never do business with Bushiri again. Daily Sun has WhatsApp conversations between him and Manyowa. One reads: “Maybe after court. . . It’s been impossible to raise money issues given the trial date approaching. . . He’s ever with his lawyers.”   The texts date back to August when the prophet was preparing for court. Daily Sun sent inquiries to Bushiri. Nyondo replied on WhatsApp: “Yes, bro. Please wait. Will call you shortly.” While Daily Sun was waiting for feedback, Darlington called and said he received a call from Nyondo telling him to drop the case and the story, otherwise he won’t be paid. Daily Sun is in possession of a screengrab threatening him to drop the story. After many calls, Nyondo said, “This has nothing to do with the prophet. The transactions were between Manyowa and Darlington.” “He must call Manyowa as they were doing transactions together. The prophet is not involved in the dealings.” Several calls made to Manyowa were unsuccessful.