SPRINGBOK coach Rassie Erasmus will use the last Rugby World Cup Pool B game against Canada in Kobe tomorrow as an opportunity to take a final look at possible options he may need to turn to in an emergency during the looming play-off phase of the tournament. Squad skipper Siya Kolisi gets a chance to add further to his match fitness by leading a side that features several interesting selections, not the least of them the pairing of Frans Steyn and Damian de Allende as an inside centre/outside centre combination. Lukhanyo Am was due for a rest as he has started all three games the Boks played in this World Cup and with Jesse Kriel having departed for home because of the hamstring strain that prevented him from playing Namibia, he needs to be protected. But this selection also gives Erasmus a chance to assess for himself the answer to the “what if” question relating to what happens if Am is injured. The Sharks midfielder is the only specialist outside centre in the squad. Erasmus has hinted that he rates De Allende’s potential to play outside centre rather than his regular inside centre position. He gets to kill two birds with one stone as giving Steyn another full 80 minutes in the No 12 jersey will ready the 2007 World Cup winner for a possible role in the play-off phases. Steyn looked a little rusty against Namibia but showed how much that opportunity to play helped him by being much sharper when he played as a replacement in last Friday’s game against Italy in Shizuoka. “With Jesse out we have to look at options there just in case Lukhanyo gets injured,” said Erasmus. “Warrick Gelant played No 13 at school so we may try him there later in the game. But Damian is our outside centre cover currently. He did play the latter part of the game against Namibia at outside centre. He also slotted in there a few times last year so this is a good time for him to start at No 13. We may need him there later in the tournament.”-SUPERSPORT.COM Boks squad: Damian Willemse, Warrick Gelant, Damian de Allende, Frans Steyn, Sbu Nkosi, Elton Jantjies, Cobus Reinach, Francois Louw, Siya Kolisi (captain), Kwagga Smith, Franco Mostert, RG Snyman, Vincent Koch, Schalk Brits, Thomas du Toit. Replacements: Malcolm Marx, Steven Kitshoff, Frans Malherbe, Eben Etzebeth, Pieter-Steph du Toit, Herschel Jantjies, Handre Pollard, Willie le Roux.