THE road to South African idols Season 15 first prize is getting tougher. The top 5 was announced at the live show at the State Theatre in Tshwane on Sunday. The night’s theme was Cover Me, which had the contestants covering famous songs that they have made theirs. The songs were recorded and can be downloaded on Spotify, Apple Music, Deezer, Amazon music and Tidal. But sadly, the twins were separated and emotions were high after that. It was Virginia’s turn to bid farewell to the competition, leaving her twin sister Viggy behind to fight for the number one spot.  On the other hand, Micyla opened the performances for the evening with Lights originally by Ellie Goulding followed by “Until the end of time” by Justine Timberlake. Randell gave her an advice. “There is still a way to go until the final. You have to be consistent. You can’t always be good at the things you like,” he said. Somizi said it was a beautiful performance. “I want you to step outside and see how I and South Africa see you. “You have everything. You need to up the volume with some attitude and aggressiveness,” he said. Nolo made the crowd dance to ‘Buza’ originally by Letta Mbuli. After, he then performed Justine Timberlake’s ‘What goes around’. Unathi wasn’t happy with his first performance at all. “When it gets to this part the audience are the ones that matter.” Randell said he was missing one thing from Nolo. “You don’t have the eye of the tiger right now. You can’t have the talent and miss the desire, if that then you not going to win,” he said. Sneziey received a standing ovation for both of her performances. The first song was a cover of Ginwigmore’s ‘Black Sheep Drunk’ in love by Beyoncé. Somizi said she must open a spaza shop of confidence. “You are an embodiment of self-love and it comes out physically. “You deserve to be here and a whooooo shame,” he said. Unathi said her song was absolutely amazing and she bought it immediately after the performance. “I am going to play your song tomorrow morning at the gym,” she said.  Luyolo did a cover of Learn to love again by Lawson and Cry me a river by Justine Timberlake. Unathi said: “You have managed to redeem yourself. What I liked about your second song was that it took you out of your comfort zone.” Somizi said he was humbly sexy. “You’ve secured a place in the top four,” he said. Viggy performed Snazo by Amanda Black and Apologize by One republic and Justine Timberlake. Unathi said that they’ve been worried what the other twin would be when the other one lives. “You are fighting. It was a beautiful rendition and I felt it,” she said Somizi said sometimes a loss is a gain. “What you have just done is to fight to be in the final. You are not alone, but the other one is spiritual,” he said