Vegan fashion brand Samara created faux leather handbags made from apple peels. Samara is a cruelty-free fashion brand in Toronto that has created faux leather bags from wasted apple peels."Did you know, most vegan leather is still currently made from PVC (polyvinylchloride) which is extremely detrimental to the environment? We’ve never used PVC. Then, there’s PU (polyurethane) which is a little better. Then, there’s microfiber which is much better. We used microfiber wherever we could, and PU if necessary.But that’s not enough.We tried creating our own plant based leathers (in our kitchen sometimes) and experimented with coconut and pineapple too. Then we found that Apple leather could look exactly like real leather, and if you mixed it with a little bit of PU, it was durable too.We’ve taken apple skins that are wasted by the juicing industry, to create bags, and we’re going to keep trying to create better vegan leather for you, because it’s high time that the fashion industry becomes more natural, and plant based too ??We can’t wait to show you what’s next!" they said. Did you know, most vegan leather is still currently made from PVC (polyvinylchloride) which is extremely detrimental to the environment? We’ve never used PVC. Then, there’s PU (polyurethane) which is a little better. Then, there’s microfiber which is much better. We used microfiber wherever we could, and PU if necessary. But that’s not enough. We tried creating our own plant based leathers (in our kitchen sometimes) and experimented with coconut and pineapple too. Then we found that Apple leather could look exactly like real leather, and if you mixed it with a little bit of PU, it was durable too. We’ve taken apple skins that are wasted by the juicing industry, to create bags, and we’re going to keep trying to create better vegan leather for you, because it’s high time that the fashion industry becomes more natural, and plant based too ?? We can’t wait to show you what’s next! A post shared by  SAMARA (@be.samara) on Sep 19, 2019 at 8:21am PDT  15% off because we’re celebrating the last long weekend of the summer with a Labor Day Sale! Use code “laborday2019” at checkout on any bag ?? A post shared by  SAMARA (@be.samara) on Sep 1, 2019 at 10:09am PDT  When we first started experimenting with more sustainable vegan leather, we tried everything. Pineapples, coconut (in our own kitchen), cork, leaves and finally found apples. So here’s a gentle reminder that if apples can turn into Minis - you can be anything! ?? A post shared by  SAMARA (@be.samara) on Aug 27, 2019 at 6:06am PDT  The Nura, a part of the Unconditional Series is 2 for 1 this weekend. Celebrate you, and your unconditional person this Canada Day Weekend ? A post shared by  SAMARA (@be.samara) on Jun 30, 2019 at 9:31am PDT  The Tote - for the sand, for the desk, for anywhere in between. A post shared by  SAMARA (@be.samara) on Jan 24, 2019 at 1:51pm PST  The mini backpack that’s designed to be classy in all its simplicity. Shop The Kiana. A post shared by  SAMARA (@be.samara) on Nov 20, 2018 at 8:15pm PST  All matchy matchy with the Lavender Grey . . . . . #minimalist #fashion #vegansofig #veganleather #minimalism #ethicalfashion #fashionblog #beauty #vegan #crueltyfree #handbags A post shared by  SAMARA (@be.samara) on Jul 11, 2018 at 5:57am PDT 