WHEN he crashed into someone’s car on Saturday, he allegedly made jokes but people did not laugh. Funnyman and actor Siyabonga “Siya B” Radebe is now left with the debt of fixing the Opel Corsa he crashed into. Angry car owner Sthembiso Ngubane (29) said he still couldn’t believe Siya’s arrogance as his car was being written off. Sthembiso said: “He crashed into my car and told jokes.” He said the incident happened in Ntuzuma, Durban where the comedian grew up. “I was driving home from work in Phoenix when I saw a Ford Figo driving toward my side,” he said. “I hooted to that car and when I realised that it was coming straight to mine, I changed lanes. “But this car followed me and then crashed into mine. I was shocked that it was Siya.” He said the airbags burst and the passenger at the back seat sustained injuries. “When I came out of the car, I saw the driver of the Opel Corsa also coming out. “People came to check what had just happened. Sya B tried to entertain them by telling annoying jokes, bragging about being happy because it was month end. He looked drunk, and maybe that is why people did not find his jokes funny since no one laughed,” said Sthembiso. There’s a video that circulated on social media during the week, showing Siya being handcuffed by cops. The white car with the Johannesburg number plate is seen damaged on the video. Sthembiso said that he called the cops after trying to speak to Syabonga about what had happened. “I tried to speak to him but I could not. He ignored me, instead he continued with his jokes. He took the whole thing as funny.“I was heartbroken and decided to call the cops. Fortunately, they came and arrested him,” said Sthembiso. “But I have not heard from them again. I don’t know if Siya has appeared in court or not. But I went to open a case at Ntuzuma Police Station on Tuesday.” A furious Sthembiso said he wanted the celebrity to pay for damaging his car. “I’m currently using public transport to travel to work. It is painful. Siya must not think he will get away with this just because he is famous. He must learn to be responsible,” said Sthembiso. KZN police spokesman Brigadier Jay Naicker confirmed the incident and said a case of reckless and negligent driving is being investigated by Ntuzuma SAPS. Siya B could not be reached for comment.