FOOTBALL supporters who brutally attacked security guards, destroyed media equipment worth millions and damaged parts of the Moses Mabhida Stadium over a year ago, have apologised for all their sins. Yesterday, seven of the eight convicted offenders participated in the victim/offender’s mediation dialogue – a process of restorative justice that offers an opportunity for offenders to meet face-to-face with their victims. This process was facilitated by the Department of Correctional Services in Durban, and was attended by some of the victims from that fateful night as well as representatives from all the stakeholders involved. The victims got an opportunity to paint a picture of how their lives were affected by the unfortunate incident. Khumbulani Qwabe, a security guard who was one of the victims that night, said his family bore most of the brunt as he couldn’t provide for them as a result of his injuries. “All I did was to go to the stadium to work for my family but I found myself being assaulted by people having not committed any crime,” said Qwabe. “It was a painful experience. I’m a father to six kids and I have a wife, but I couldn’t work to support my family after I was badly injured as I spent time in hospital. I broke my ribs.” Sabelo Maziba, another security guard assaulted on the day, said: “I have permanent scars from what happened. Today I live with permanent pain and my doctor has told me I’m lucky not be wheelchair bound. “I don’t know what I did to deserve the beating I got that day.” When they heard how their actions affected the lives of the innocent victims, their loved ones and tainted the image of fans around Mzansi, offenders apologised to everyone impacted by their bad behaviour. “We’re here to apologise to the community and the whole country,” said John Khumalo. “We want to apologise to the clubs – Kaizer Chiefs and Free State Stars. We want to apologise to the sponsors Nedbank and we hope what we did will not dissuade them from supporting football or coming back to Durban. The people in KwaZulu Natal love football.”