KAIZER Chiefs legend Doctor “16V” Khumalo is eyeing a return to the Premier Soccer League (PSL). Khumalo recently worked with Jerry “Legs of Thunder” Sikhosana and Khabo Zondo as part of the Nedbank Ke Yona Team Coach search. His last coaching job was with Baroka FC in Limpopo. He parted ways with the club in June last year. The former Bafana Bafana talisman also served as Chiefs assistant coach under Vladimir Vermezovic and Steve Komphela. But with the Ke Yona contract having ended, Khumalo and his agent Jazzman Mahlakgane, are expected to make an announcement regarding his next move. Khumalo said he was itching to come back to the big league. He said: “At the moment, I’m busy with preparations for a tournament to be held in Soweto in December. Next year January, I’m also planning to launch an academy to cater for the Under-6s to Under-9s. About my return to the top flight, my agent and I will make an announcement soon.” He said he has two choices, either work in the PSL or in the GladAfrica Championship. He said at the end of the day a job is a job as long as he will be seating on the bench. “It doesn’t really matter, for me if any team comes with a concrete offer. I’m in.” But does he miss coaching? Khumalo, burst into laughter and said: “Well, I do miss coaching because I went to school for it and also played the game.” Last year, Khumalo said he often advised Mamelodi Sundowns star midfielder Themba Zwane, who turns to him for advice in his quest to become a better player. “He’s become a better player because of what I told him.” Meanwhile, Khumalo advised Amakhosi new signing Kearyn Baccus, who is compared to him and has already expressed his wish of switching from jersey number 6 to his magic jersey number 15. The legend said if the player is as good as he was during his heydays, he doesn’t see any reason why he shouldn’t get his jersey. After watching him in action, he will be in a much better position to judge for himself. Khumalo stressed the responsibility that comes with wearing such a jersey in the team. He said: “Yoh. He should know that what he’s going to be wearing is not a child’s play. “That jersey is something that Amakhosi faithful loved and cherish. “He should also know that he’ll be wearing a gold mine. That jersey doesn’t come cheap,” Khumalo said.