GOLDEN Arrows coach Steve Komphela says his players “don’t realise how good they are”. Komphela feels the Durban-based outfit should be up among the early contenders for the Absa Premiership title but the players are not making full use of their capabilities. The former Kaizer Chiefs coach, whose side are yet to lose at home this season, is also upset that they have been “too nice” in their backyard. Abafana Bes’thende moved into the top half of the Premiership table this weekend after defeating Polokwane City 2-1 in their league match at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Saturday. The victory pushed them to sixth on the standing with 13 points from nine matches. The winner was snatched in the 93rd minute when Orlando Pirates graduate Ntsako Makhubela reacted first to stab home after Rise and Shine goalie George Chigova spilled Danny Phiri’s free kick. But Komphela is still irked by the 2-2 draw against rookies Stellenbosch FC managed to get at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium last month. It was a game that Arrows looked home and dry as they were 2-0 up in the first half. “If we apply ourselves according to our capacity, we’ll shock many people,” said Komphela. “This team is good enough to compete. I’m just not happy with the draws at home. Let it be an unbeaten record but win these matches… It’s very important.” Arrows have a tough week ahead. They visit recently crowned MTN8 champions SuperSport United in the Telkom Knockout quarter-final at Mbombela Stadium on Saturday. Arrows have not done well in this competition recently. They have been knocked out in the first round in the last three seasons. Ironically, the last time they were in this stage of the competition was the 2015-16 season and they were dumped out by SuperSport. And with the way the Tshwane giants have started this season, Komphela feels the players have welcomed and accepted coach Kaitano Tembo. “SuperSport are playing more as a unit. More as a team. You can see they have a good understanding (between the coach and players),” revealed Komphela.