THE South African Under-23 midfield sensation, Grant Margeman, says the dramatic relegation of Ajax Cape Town took a knock on his career. The highly-rated 21-year-old made his breakthrough in the Premier Soccer League (PSL) during the 2016-17 season, at the time under coach Stanley Menzo. His exhilarating display at the club and the Under-20 national team drew a lot of interest from top Absa Premiership clubs, including nine-time PSL champions Mamelodi Sundowns. But the relegation of Ajax to the National First Division (NFD), now known as the  GladAfrica Championship, at the end of the 2017-18 season, was a huge setback for the Capetonian. “Going down was a step backwards,” Margeman said. “If I remember well, it was my first season where I played many games and we got relegated. It affected me. I was still young, but needed to pick myself up. Now, I’m back and stronger. Playing in the PSL would be good for my career. It’s where things are happening.” The determined player has managed to put all that in the past as he’s slowly finding his form and hopes for promotion. He has proven to be an influential figure for Ajax lately, as they are sitting second on the log with 13 points after seven matches. “I’ll work hard to ensure Ajax regain their PSL status, as we started the season well,” he said, while quashing reports that he will be joining Sundowns. Margeman is currently in Egypt with the SA Under-23 team preparing for the Eight-Nations Afcon tournament in Cairo next month. The Young Bafana will entertain Afcon hosts, Egypt, in an international friendly at the Ismailia Stadium on Sunday. The friendly matches form part of their preparation for the Afcon finals, billed for 8-22 November. South Africa are in Group B alongside Nigeria, Ivory Coast and Zambia. The top three teams will represent Africa at the Olympics in Japan next year. “It’s quite difficult in the national team, you have players like Sipho Mbule and Tebogo Mokoena playing in the same position, but I will fight.”