Natural
deodorants are becoming more and more popular, and for good reason. Deodorant
is something we use every single day, and these daily-use items are the first
we should be looking at when making better choices for our families and
ourselves. Natural deodorants, such as Pure Beginnings’
range, don’t contain synthetic fragrances, phthalates and, most
importantly, aluminium chlorohydrates. All these ingredients have proven
adverse effects on our body’s health. Scientific
evidence linking the use of underarm anti-perspirants to breast cancer is
inconclusive, however there is research to suggest the need for a precautionary
approach. The
switch to a natural deodorant is a process. It’s not an immediate or overnight
success story. Like most things worthwhile, it takes thought, planning,
intentionality and sticking with it. Changing
your thinking: Let’s
start by explaining the difference between what mainstream and natural
deodorants do for the body. It’s important to understand that traditional
deodorants tend to double as anti-perspirants, whereas most natural deodorants
do not. In other words, natural deodorants won’t stop you perspiring. That
being said, don’t be afraid to SWEAT! Sweating is something we’ve been taught
to avoid at all costs - it has such a bad reputation and we need to change
that. Sweating is a GOOD thing. It’s an important natural bodily function.
Instead of being embarrassed about it, try to embrace it (during your detox if
nothing else!). Embarking
on the armpit detox: After
years of using traditional deodorants, your body may need some time to adjust.
This is your body purging from years of toxin, bacteria and chemical build-up.
Many people try a natural deodorant and feel as if they smell worse (which is
just their body detoxing). It’s a bit like having a headache or muscle pain after
a good massage - it’s just your body working hard to flush toxins and lactic
acid. The new body smell tends to put people off and they end up throwing in
the towel before their body adjusts to not having an anti-perspirant on. Give
yourself a little grace period when you make the switch. You’ll find your new
norm quicker than you think. Experiencing
a detox period for a couple of weeks when transitioning to a natural deodorant
is perfectly normal – and healthy! Instead of blocking pores to prevent
sweating, natural deodorant allows the body to do what it’s naturally supposed
to do. Yes, you may be a bit sweatier or smellier at first, but it’s all part
of your body (and your sweat glands) coming back into balance. Trust the
process, stick it out and soon enough you’ll be saying goodbye to chemically
burdened armpits and body odour for good. While
you’re transitioning to a natural deodorant, there are a few things you can do
to support your body in the process. You’ll already be nourishing your delicate
underarms with pure, safe ingredients topically, so here are a couple more ways
to support your transition holistically: If
you really want to speed up the detox process you can make an armpit mask. This
is Wellness Mama’s recipe
for a Detoxifying Armpit Clay Mask: Ingredients Instructions After
3-4 weeks of intentional armpit detoxing you should be out of the woods. Are
you keen to take up the challenge? We’d love to hear about your journey from a
chemical to a natural deodorant. Please let us know and tag us @purebeginnings
in your posts. Good luck!