MAMELODI SUNDOWNS are ready to renew their rivalry with North African giants Wydad Casablanca. The Brazilians are going into Africa’s premium club competition wiser and won’t allow themselves to be bullied by the 2017 champions. Pitso Mosimane’s charges were drawn in Group C with Wydad, USM Alger (Algeria) and Petro de Luanda of Angola in the group stages. It’s always a struggle for the Brazilians when they face off with the Moroccan giants. They will play each other for the fourth consecutive season and there’s no shortage of drama when the two giants take to the field. Wydad eliminated Downs 2-1 on aggregate in their semi-final battle last season. In 2017, the Moroccans dumped the Mzansi outfit on penalties in the quarterfinal on their way to lifting the trophy. In the 2018/2019 campaign, both teams won 2-1 in the home tie. Brazilians skipper Hlompho Kekana said they won’t fall into the trap of their North African rivals when it comes to time delaying tactics, lasers and mind games. Kekana insists the Tshwane giants have matured into a team that knows how to handle such distractions. “We’re excited about going back to Wydad again. The Champions League helps us to grow as a club. “The three teams in the group are beatable and we are expected to reach the knockout stages,” said a confident Kekana. But when it comes to their on-field drama with Wydad, Kakana said they’ll handle them better than they did in previous years. He assured fans they won’t let tempers get the better of them in these usually tightly-contested matches. “We’re aware of what’s happening, this time around. We’ll apply ourselves properly and try to win matches without being affected by all sorts of things happening on the pitch.” But one win in their previous meeting, doesn’t make for a good reading. Kekana is eager for his teammates to settle the score and beat the team that has given them sleepless nights in the past couple of years. “Our downfall against them is our lack of scoring goals. We created chances, but let them off the hook,” he said. “The plan is to beat them home and away.” The Brazilians are going into Africa’s premium club competition wiser and won’t allow themselves to be bullied by the 2017 champions. Pitso Mosimane’s charges were drawn in Group C with Wydad, USM Alger (Algeria) and Petro de Luanda of Angola in the group stages. It’s always a struggle for the Brazilians when they face off with the Moroccan giants. They will play each other for the fourth consecutive season and there’s no shortage of drama when the two giants take to the field. Wydad eliminated Downs 2-1 on aggregate in their semi-final battle last season. In 2017, the Moroccans dumped the Mzansi outfit on penalties in the quarterfinal on their way to lifting the trophy. In the 2018/2019 campaign, both teams won 2-1 in the home tie. Brazilians skipper Hlompho Kekana said they won’t fall into the trap of their North African rivals when it comes to time delaying tactics, lasers and mind games. Kekana insists the Tshwane giants have matured into a team that knows how to handle such distractions. “We’re excited about going back to Wydad again. The Champions League helps us to grow as a club. “The three teams in the group are beatable and we are expected to reach the knockout stages,” said a confident Kekana. But when it comes to their on-field drama with Wydad, Kakana said they’ll handle them better than they did in previous years. He assured fans they won’t let tempers get the better of them in these usually tightly-contested matches. “We’re aware of what’s happening, this time around. We’ll apply ourselves properly and try to win matches without being affected by all sorts of things happening on the pitch.” But one win in their previous meeting, doesn’t make for a good reading. Kekana is eager for his teammates to settle the score and beat the team that has given them sleepless nights in the past couple of years. “Our downfall against them is our lack of scoring goals. We created chances, but let them off the hook,” he said. “The plan is to beat them home and away.”