CATCH us if you can! That’s the message from Mzansi’s prominent Nedbank Running Club. The dream team is planning to make a clean sweep at the eagerly-awaited Soweto Marathon, which takes place at the FNB Stadium on Sunday. The starter’s gun for the 42.2km marathon will go off at 5.30am. The half-marathon runners will hit the road at 6.30am, while the 10km casual runners start at 7am. The male and female winner of the marathon will each pocket R250 000. About 40 000 enthusiastic runners are expected to run past interesting landmarks, including the Walter Sisulu Square, Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital, Vilakazi Street, Hector Peterson Memorial, Morris Isaacson High School, Nancefield and Jabulani hostels. Ethiopian top-runner Sintayehu Legese Yinesu and Irvette van Zyl of the Nedbank Running Club bagged the highest place on the podium last year. All eyes will be on the dream team to see if they can do a double. Soweto Marathon Trust chairperson Sello Khunou said the organisers are ready to deliver a world-class race. Khunou and his team are hard at work, adding the final touches to preparations. Said Khunou: “We’re good to go. The stage is set and the only thing we’re waiting for is the race day. We’ll give runners commemorative T-shirts.” Nick Bester, the Nedbank Running Club’s team manager, said his runners are ready for their honours. Said Bester: “We’ve put up a competitive team. We expect another tough race and hopefully the weather will be kind to the runners on the day.” Lebenya Nkoka, Mamorallo Tjoka (Lesotho), Justine Kemboi of Kenya, Selam Abere Alebachew of Ethiopia, are some of the big-name foreign runners expected to dominate the race. Ntshindiso Mphakathi is tipped as one of the male runners that could end the men’s 10-year-drought without a title. Van Zyl could make history by extending her titles to three in a row. Soweto’s favourite daughter Mapaseka Makhanya, who finished in second place in 2017, has also expressed her wish to run at this year’s race after missing out in the previous edition.