Safari guide Paul Templer lost an arm and had almost 40 bite
wounds after he was swallowed and violently thrashed around by a  hippo in the Zambezi River in Zimbabwe. According to the Mirror, 50 year old Paul was paddling along
the Zambezi River when everything suddenly “went dark and quiet”. "I had no idea whatsoever what had hit me. All I knew
is from my waist up I wasn’t dry but I wasn’t wet either like my legs were. "I could feel this incredible pressure crushing down on
my lower back." Paul said. READ: 'BUSHIRI OWES ME MONEY!" Paul was with his colleague Evans Namasango, who drowned
after he was knocked out of the canoe during the horrifying incident in March
1996. "There was this loud thud behind me and I knew that
thud. It was the sound of a hippo hitting a canoe. "I turned to see the back of the canoe maybe three feet
out of the water atop a hippo and the apprentice guide (Mr Namasango) flying
out of it." He turned around and paddled towards Mr Namasango in a
desperate attempt to save him. "I pull up alongside him, lean over to grab him and
it’s almost a little too made-for-Hollywood moment with our fingers almost
touching. "Suddenly everything just went dark and quiet. I
struggled to break free. "I was sitting in (the hippo's mouth) with my arms
pressed to my sides. I could feel the bristles on a hippo’s snout. "My first response was just complete relief because I
feared I was inside a croc, and in a weird way there’s some solace being in a
hippo. "The hippo half spit, half choked me out and I burst to
the surface, grab a lung full of fresh air and I’m face to face with Evans. "I started swimming away but Evans was struggling to
stay afloat. When I looked at him I could see he was absolutely terrified and
in the grips of panic. "I swam back to him, then suddenly, wham, I was in the
hippo’s throat again, but this time my legs were down his throat and he started
thrashing me around again." "That lasted an odd second and then I thought 'I’ve got
to get out of here', but I couldn’t do anything because I’m tightly wedged in
his mouth." "He threw me up in the air and I did a half twist
before I fell back into his mouth and he bit down so hard I thought he was
going to bite me in half." READ: GIRL (7) FOUND WITH A CRUSHED SKULL But the hippo then surged to the surface and spit him out
again. He was rescued by a fellow guide and kayaker, named Mack, who dragged
him to rocks and tried to stem the flow of blood as Mr Templer went into shock. The former British Army serviceman miraculously escaped the
hippo's jaws and survived despite suffering gruesome injuries that resulted in
his left arm being amputated.  Paul now has become a motivational speaker telling hundreds
about his survival story. He wrote a book called What’s left of me and teaches people
to keep a safe distance from hippos in water. The hippo is the world's deadliest large land mammal,
killing about 500 people a year in Africa. Paul also has since launched the Templer Foundation which
helps people affected by post traumatic stress disorder and terminally ill and
disabled children and their families.  