IT’S the money game! Both SuperSport United and Highlands Park have promised their respective players a huge amount of money for winning the MTN8 final. This as both teams look to ensure that their troops leave it all on the field in the Wafa Wafa final set to be played at Orlando Stadium, in Soweto on Saturday (6pm). With SuperSport boss Stan Matthews having promised his players 80% of the whopping R8 million prize money awaiting the winners, Highlands have also dangled an equally juicy carrot in front of their players. Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba coach, Owen Da Gama, revealed that club boss Brad Kaftel has told him to notify the players that they will pocket half of the prize money should they win the tournament. “It is as simple as that. “I think they deserve it, they really deserve it. They have worked so hard to get to this point. I don’t know how much I’ll be getting,” revealed Da Gama. The financial rewards do not end there for the players, for every goal scored in the final, the sponsors, MTN, will give away R25 000 to the scorer. The man of the match after the game will also receive the same amount of money – a huge increase from the usual R8 000. Highlands Park, who will be playing in their first ever cup final in the PSL era, will be determined to make history. “This has been a fairy-tale story for us,” added Da Gama. “I mean, smashing six records in the NFD. Coming into the PSL and finishing in the top eight and then making it all the way to the final of the MTN 8 at the first attempt, so we are really thrilled. “Just getting into the final has been a big deal for us.” The Tembisa team, though, will be coming up against a club with a rich cup pedigree in SuperSport. Matsatsantsa a Pitori have featured in the past three Wafa Wafa finals, winning the tournament in 2017. They will be eager to erase last season’s memories where they lost 4-1 on penalties to Cape Town City. “It was painful, it was very painful,” said SuperSport coach KaitanoTembo. “But us being in the final again, gives us a perfect opportunity to try and correct that by winning it this time.” Tembo, who has been given the mandate to win the tournament, insists that his main concern is building a squad that will be able to compete for all the trophies available in the PSL. “I focus on the steady progression of the team because you can win one trophy and still get fired,” added Tembo. “As a coach, I believe in building and if you look at our team, there is an improvement in terms of where we want to go.”