PITSO Mosimane is quite clear about his priorities this season... and so is protege – the Orlando Pirates coach Rhulani Mokwena. The Mamelodi Sundowns coach wants to deliver a domestic title, the Telkom Knockout Cup, while Mokwena is desperate to end a seven-year trophy drought. The two face different challenges as they kick off their respective TKO campaigns this weekend. The Brazilians face AmaZulu at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Sunday (3pm), as they return to action following the Fifa International break. At Orlando Stadium tomorrow (6pm), Mokwena will guide the Buccaneers in their first ever encounter against rookies Stellenbosch FC. Mosimane wants to recapture the trophy he last won four years ago when the Brazilians recorded their most successful season ever. “We haven’t been rising to the occasion in this cup competitions as we are supposed to,” admitted Mosimane. “Last season we lost to Baroka. Winning cups are a challenge for us because we run a different programme. “We want to win the Champions League and the league. Those are our priorities. But we also want to win at least one of the knockout competitions… for our supporters. “And maybe this is the competition for us because, when I look back at our honeymoon year (2016), when we won the league, the Champions League and the Super League, we also won the Telkom Knockout. That season changed the image of the club.” The threat of Bongi Ntuli, the Usuthu striker who relishes challenges against his former employers, looms large for Masandawana. Added Mosimane: “Jozef Vukuzic is a good coach and he’s had time to prepare. Bongi is there. He always comes back to bite us. There is also Michael Morton, Tshepo (Gumede) the Ghanaian (Samuel Darpoh), Ovidy Karuru is on form. Chawapiwa (Talent) is there.” For Mokwena, it’s a tricky clash against the Stellies. The Bucs coach is sweating under the weight of expectations, and the spotlight will again be firmly on him. He insists, however, that the pressure to win is not about him but about breaking the barren run. “I need air to breath. Pirates need a trophy!” exclaimed Mokwena. “We know about the seven-year drought. But seven is a very symbolic number in the Bible. “A club of Pirates’ magnitude should be competing for championship and trophies, season in season out. I don’t need the trophies. The club needs the trophy.”