THE time has come for Molefi Ntseki to finally take charge of his first game and show the nation what to expect from his tenure as Bafana Bafana coach. Ntseki, who many considered a surprise successor to former coach Stuart Baxter in August, will be determined to make his mark and silence many naysayers. He has had to wait for his opportunity to sit on the bench for Bafana after Zambia and subsequently Madagascar pulled out of planned friendlies last month due to xenophobic attacks. But the wait is over and Ntseki will look to get off to a bright start when Bafana take on Mali in the Nelson Mandela Challenge today at 3pm. The match, played in honour of the late struggle icon and former president Nelson Mandela, takes place at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth. “This is the 25th-year celebration of the tournament and if you look back at all the games been played against nations from across the globe, you’ll realise they’ve always carried a lot of weight,” said Ntseki. “It’s an important match played to honour what the late icon Nelson Mandela stood for and achieved for us as South Africans. “We’re looking forward to getting a positive outcome and put a smile on the faces of our supporters.” The tie against The Eagles will also provide Ntseki with the opportunity to gauge his side’s readiness for the crucial 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers. They face Ghana and Sudan next month to kick-start their journey towards the continent’s flagship tournament set to be staged in Cameroon. Good news for Ntseki is that attacking talisman Percy Tau is fit and available to play after shaking off an injury threat midweek. Dean Furman, who is currently one of the most experienced members of the squad, believes winning against Mali will set them on the right path. “Winning brings confidence, and every time you put on that national jersey you want to win for yourself and for your country,” said Furman. “Just because it’s a friendly doesn’t mean we want to win any less than if it were a qualifier or a game at the Afcon. “We want to win and head into the qualifiers next month in good spirit and with a lot of momentum.” ) See page 20