Heavily pregnant Shoprite cashier Zimkhitha Xhalabile was
assaulted by a male customer in Shoprite in Strand. Shoprite has banned the customer from its stores. Zimkhitha Xhalabile from New Village in Nomzamo, Strand is
eight months pregnant. She had just closed her till in the Shoprite at Broadway
Mall, Lwandle, on September 9, when a customer demanded that he be assisted,
GroundUp reported. "The closed sign was there. He removed it and said I
had not left, I must assist him," said Xhalabile. At first, she says, she argued with the customer, telling
him to use another till, but when he became aggressive she decided to assist
him. "While I scanned his items we kept on exchanging words,
with him issuing insults, saying for me to get paid he has to buy and I must
respect him as a customer." In video footage of the scene, the male customer can be seen
arguing with Xhalabile and making hand gestures before punching her. A security
guard was watching the whole argument and stepped forward to hold Xhalabile
after she was assaulted. A manager then arrived to remove the customer. "I had to call my husband for him to take me to the
hospital, then later to the police station to open a case. Shoprite… did not
apprehend the man who assaulted me. He was escorted out by the security." Crying and red-faced Wiseman Manjangaza, Xhalabile's husband, said he had arrived
to find his wife crying and red-faced. "She was bruised, and I asked why
she had not been taken to hospital." Xhalabile says she was given four days off and told to come
back to work if she wanted to get over her experience. "I got counselling once and I was told to go face my
demons if I want to move past the whole situation. I was denied leave, since I
will be going on maternity leave soon." She says she is afraid of bumping into the man who assaulted
her, fearing he might attack her again. In response to GroundUp's questions, the Shoprite media team
said the company strongly disapproved of the customer's conduct visible in the
video and had banned him from its premises. "It is unfortunate that an unhappy customer decided to
physically attack one of our employees who had already closed her till, but
continued to assist the customer when he insisted on concluding his transaction
at the till point. Security and management on duty, along with customers who
witnessed the incident, immediately intervened and aided the staff member,
whose husband transported her to the hospital for a thorough examination when
the ambulance service called could not immediately assist." Shoprite said Xhalabile had been asked to return to work
after a recommendation from the counsellor. "She was off duty for just over a week after the
incident and, to assist her in dealing with the trauma, during this time also
received counselling arranged by the company and was rescheduled to work again
based on the counsellor's recommendation for her to resume duties." Police spokesperson Captain FC van Wyk confirmed that a case
of assault had been opened by Xhalabile. "The incident took place at a shop in a shopping mall
in Lwandle where the complainant was physically assaulted by a customer after
an argument. The suspect has not yet been arrested, however the investigation
is continuing." Video from Shoprite CCTV. SOURCE: NEWS24