STUDENTS only wanted answers; they got more than they bargain for when they were allegedly shot at with rubber bullets by campus security on Wednesday. The incident took place at Mankwe campus in Mogwase outside Rustenburg in the North West where students were demanding answers to a memorandum handed to management.  The protests started on Monday when a memorandum of their demands was handed over. Classes did not resume as gates were locked till a response was provided. Students say they were shocked by extra security on campus on Wednesday. Which according to Mankwe SRC president Nkosinathi Delmani (25) harrased them and shot them with rubber bullets.In a video footage Nkosinathi is seen being dragged by some security on the ground. "We saw hell when we got shot at. We don't know where the decision for us to be shot came from but we know it's management. We just need them to respond to the memorandum we gave on Monday, nothing else," he said. Nkosinathi said if there were issues within the memorandum management should have spoken to them. He said the memorandum was flexible and allowed recommendations. Student demands include the immediate resignation of both  Mankwe Deputy Principal for Academics and Deputy Principal for Corporate. Proper answers on the inconsistent NSFAS payments. Students further demand the Student Lekgotla to be led by students’ not senior management. And also for campus policy makers to stop making policies which are not favorable to all students. The protest is joint together with Rustenburg campus and the Brits campus. Nkosinathi said there will be no classes till the memorandum is responded to. But said he advises campus management to hurry because examinations are starting month end (next week).Lectures were sent back home till further notice. Chief Director in Corporate Communication and Media Liaison in the department of Higher Education and Training Seema Ramnarain said the matter will be investigated. North West Police Colonel Adele Myburgh said a case of assault and 5 cases of attempted murder have been opened.She confirmed the extra security was organised by Mankwe management.