HE CONFESSED to killing his best friend in gruesome detail in front of security guards. The main suspect in a murder case that shocked students said he thought his roommate Simukelo Zondi was a zombie! This was all caught on a video that HAS GONE viral. The death of the 24-year-old BCom student, and the arrest of the suspect at the scene of the crime, made news over the weekend. Students at the University of KZN were shocked when Simukelo’s burnt body was found near campus on Saturday. The video shows a young man dressed in a white golf shirt, tracksuit trousers and black jacket telling confused cops in an office he had no choice but to burn the victim to death as he was a zombie. The suspect tells cops the was the only one who knew what his friend was, and the only way to kill a zombie is with fire. At one point, he says: “I didn’t need help. I did everything and I was alone, and I can stand for it. I didn’t need witnesses.” Simukelo, who was studying at the Westville campus in Durban, was reported missing on Thursday. His body was found over the weekend after guards noticed bushes were on fire. They investigated and found his roommate on the scene and handed him over to cops. Simukelo and the suspect were final-year students. A student (23) said Simukelo and his alleged killer had played soccer together since 2016. “They were close. When we heard Simukelo was missing, we didn’t think his friend had anything to do with it,” he said. The student said he heard the suspect lured Simukelo to a rugby field. “We heard he killed him because a sangoma he consulted told him Simukelo was a zombie who was going to trouble him,” the student told Daily Sun. Police spokesman Brigadier Jay Naicker said cops were aware of the video. “It appears the video was taken at the security offices on campus,” said Naicker. “We view such conduct in a very serious light as it was very reckless and irresponsible to interview a suspect and record such an interview.” He said the matter was reported to campus management.” SRC president Moses Nkambako said: “The family has asked not to be contacted yet regarding the matter because they’re still traumatised. They said they’ll release a statement later in the week.” Nkambako confirmed the man in the video is the one who allegedly killed Simukelo. “The video was taken on campus before he was taken to the police cells,” he said. Naicker said a murder case was being investigated. UKZN spokesman Ashton Bodrick said the university extended its deepest condolences to Simukelo’s family and friends. Simukelo’s family could not be reached for comment.