MAMELODI Sundowns spokesman Alex Shakoane says that they are not worried who they will draw in their Caf Champions League. The draw will take place in Cairo on Wednesday where the Brazilians run the risk of being drawn against Egyptian giants Al Ahly, TP Mazembe, rivals Wydad Casablanca and Esperance. Shakoane said they are experienced when it comes to continental football and ready for any eventuality. "We are not undermining any team, but just that we too can stand our own," he said on Monday. "In truth, we are not too concerned on who we will pull from the hat. There are no longer smaller teams in Africa hence all teams must punch above their weight." All regular players are available for coach Pitso Mosimane bar long term injuries in Anthony Laffor, Rivaldo Coetzee, Tiyani Mabunda, Soumahoro Bangaly, Keletso Makgalwa and Lucky Mohomi. Sundowns were the toast of Africa last month when they rewrote Champions League history on 27 September when they recorded the biggest ever victory, beating Seychelle’s side Cote d’Or 11-1 in Pretoria. Sundowns reached the group stage winning 16-1 in aggregate, but most importantly shattered the record of biggest win in the premier continental club competition history in grand style. According to Caf, Moroccan Difaa Jadida held the CAF Champions League biggest win record for a bit over a year since they defeated Guinnea Bissau club Benfica 10-0 at the preliminary round in 2018. The Brazilians will on Saturday play against Kaizer Chiefs in the second Shell Helix Ultra Cup at FNB Stadium at 4pm.  TEAM IN THE HAT: Tunisia: Espérance de Tunis DRC: TP Mazembe Morocco: Wydad Casablanca Egypt: Al-Ahl Tunisia: Étoile du Sahel South Africa: Mamelodi Sundowns Morocco: Raja Casablanca Algeria: USM Alger Zambia: ZESCO United DRC: AS Vita Club Sudan: Al-Hilal Angola: 1º de Agosto Zimbabwe: FC Platinum Angola: Petro de Luanda Algeria: JS Kabylie FIVE BIGGEST WINS AFRICAN CHAMPIONS LEAGUE HISTOR (1) Mamelodi Sundowns 11-1 Cote d’Or (Seychelles) / First Round – 2019-20 (2) Difaa Jadida (Morocco) 10-0 Bissau e Benfica (Guinea Bissau) / Preliminary round – 2018(3) Raja Casablanca (Morocco) 10-1 Tourbillon (Chad) / Preliminary round – 2011(4) Al Ahly (Egypt) 9-0 Atlabara (South Sudan) / Preliminary Round – 2019-20(4) MC Alger (Algeria) 9-0 AS Otoho (Congo) / Preliminary round – 2018(4) Kabwe Warriors (Zambia) 9-0 Majantja (Lesotho) / Preliminary round – 1972    