GUMEDE’S supporters may think the Hawks’ raid is just a political game, but clearly the NPA isn’t joking. Assets to the value of R52 million have been seized from Gumede and her bling buddies. GOODS SEIZED SO FAR HAVE REVEALED SOME AMAZING TREASURE! NPA spokeswoman, Natasha Kara said the NPA’s Asset Forfeiture Unit raided homes in the upmarket suburb of Umhlanga Rocks, north of Durban, as well as those of her co-accused in Amanzimtoti and Zimbali. They then proceeded to Gumede’s home in her home town of Inanda kasi, north of Durban. Kara said among the assets that were forfeited were immovable property and luxury cars.  The team consisted of SAPS personnel, the National Clean Audit Task Team of the Directorate of Priority Crime Investigations and the NPA’s Prosecutorial Services. “They seized the assets of several accused people charged with fraud, corruption and money laundering. “This relates to allegations against the former eThekwini mayor Zandile Gumede, councillor Mondli Mthembu, councillor Sandile Ngcobo and Robert Abbu,” said Kara. She said they acted together to dodge the outcome of the supply chain management protocols to award Durban Solid Waste contracts.  “As a result of being awarded the unlawful contracts, the four corporate entities were paid R230 571 760 96 by February,” said Kara. She said last week, the KZN Asset Forfeiture Unit got an order to retain assets of the accused to the value of about R51 million. “These assets include immovable property located in Zimbali and Umhlanga Rocks, luxury vehicles that include a Lamborghini, Porsche and Jaguars, assets hidden in trusts, companies, and cash in bank accounts,” said Kara. Gumede and her co-accused made their first court appearance in May this year following their arrest and were released on bail.  Their case is due back in court on 15 January. Hawks spokesman Hangwani Mulaudzi confirmed that they raided several houses. “We have achieved our objective,” said Mulaudzi. “We haven’t counted how much all these assets are worth.” KZN DA has welcomed the raid.  The party’s eThekwini municipal caucus leader, Nicole Graham, said the raid was a positive step in the development of the case against Gumede and the others. “We urge the Hawks to continue with their good work.” IFP national spokesman Mkhuleko Hlengwa said they have always maintained that law enforcement agencies must do their job, even when a politician is involved. “If the agencies believe that there should have been this kind of execution, we fully support them,” Hlengwa said. EFF chairman, Vusi Khoza said they’re happy with the raid and that the assets were seized. “We’ve always said Gumede is one of the corrupt officials.” The phone of the ANC spokesman was on voicemail. It has been revealed that the seized cars belong to some of the 15 who are accused with Gumede in the Durban Solid Waste tender. On her Facebook page, Gumede quoted Nelson Mandela: “After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.” She said giving up was not an option. Gumede supporters’ spokesman Mzo Dube said the raid was politically motivated. “It was done to tarnish her name and we don’t know why because her case is already in court,” he said. “We view this as a waste of state resources.” Gumede was not available for comment.   