SUPERSPORT United head into this weekend’s MTN8 final determined to banish memories of last season’s heart-breaking defeat to Cape Town City. Impressively, the Tshwane outfit will make their third straight appearance in the Wafa Wafa final when they face Highlands Park at Orlando Stadium on Saturday (6pm). They beat the Citizens 4-2 on penalties in the final to lift the trophy in 2017. However, the Cape Town club managed to avenge that defeat last season. Now Matsatsantsa a Pitori will be looking to use that bitter defeat as motivation when they come up against an inexperienced Highlands outfit playing in only their first cup final in the PSL era. ‘It’s good to play in the final. We have been doing that every season, which is a good thing for the team,” said SuperSport versatile midfielder Aubrey Modiba. “We were on the losing side last season, so we know that feeling of losing a cup final, it’s not nice. “We want this one very badly. I think we started well this season and it would be good if we can have something to show for the performances that we have been showing in every game.” Modiba, who scored the all-important goal in United’s 1-0 win over struggling AmaZulu in the league on Saturday, said they will not be underestimating their opponents in the final. Despite their inexperience in cup finals, Modiba believes Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba will be a difficult nut to crack. “It will be another tough final against Highlands Park, who are in a good vein of form at the moment,” added the 24-year-old from Polokwane in Limpopo. “They’re a team that are doing well, very fit and they fight till the end. We will have to put up a fight and match them in all areas so that we can win the game, but it’s going to be a very tough one. “We have players with experience for the cup finals. Yes, but this one will be different from the ones we have played. They (Highlands) also want it badly because it’s their first final. They won’t be lying down. They also want it as badly .” Modiba said lifting the trophy would do his blossoming career the world of good. “Personally, it would mean a lot to me to win this cup. Every player wants to win trophies, that’s why we play this sport,” he added. “And people only remember winners, so it will be great for my career if I can win this trophy to show people what I have been doing. It will go into the history books of SuperSport and I want to be part of that.”