A brief scroll through Instagram reveals that exotic leisure travel has become a life goal of hipsters, millennials and, heck - pretty much everyone else. While Australia, the United Kingdom, USA, Canada and New Zealand remain some of
the most popular immigration choices for South Africans, a growing number are
also interested in obtaining second passports from other countries towards
making international travel cheaper and more accessible. “Tourist visas can cost a lot of money, especially when you’re travelling with
family and wanting to visit several countries or regions during a single trip
that starts from Joburg or Cape Town,” said Ryan Rennison, managing director of
UK visa agency, Move Up “In light of South Africa being pretty middle-of-road in terms of which
countries allow our passport holders in, visa-free, it would be in the
interests of those South Africans desiring to travel extensively as a long-term
pursuit – who can acquire a second, more powerful passport – to do so,” added
Rennison. According to the Henley Passport
Index South African passports grant access to only
100 countries, currently ranked 53 out of the 107 most powerful passport
positions listed.  Dual
citizenship is an attractive option for qualifying South Africans. Increase in Dual
Citizenship Enquiries  In a conversation with BusinessTech earlier this year, residence and
citizenship planning firm, Henley & Partners, said that there had been a
125% increase in enquiries received in the second half of 2018 compared to the
same period the year before. “South African high net worth clients who seek our professional services are
not always looking to relocate, but rather invest in a Plan B for future
proofing,” Henley & Partners said. The company reported a very high demand for their European residency programs,
including Portugal and Greece, and citizenship programs from the Caribbean,
such as Malta and Cyprus. According to Henley & Partners’ records, Malta; Antigua and Barbuda;
Portugal and Moldova were the most popular countries of choice for South
Africans seeking second passports.  A
more powerful passport opens up many more travel opportunities. Dual Passport
Regulations  Rennison warns locals applying for dual nationality, whether they are wanting
to emigrate or simply travel overseas more easily, they should be careful to
follow the procedures laid out by Home Affairs to avoid unintentionally losing
their South African citizenship. “If they have decided to keep their citizenship, according to current local
regulations SA passport holders must always enter and depart the country using
valid South African passports,” said Rennison. He added that current South African legislation does allow a South African dual
citizen to use their foreign passport freely outside of the country. Here are 2019’s top ten most powerful passports with the number of countries
they may enter, visa-free, in brackets: 1.    Japan, Singapore (190)2.    Finland, Germany, South Korea (188) 3.    Denmark, Italy, Luxembourg (187)4.    France, Spain, Sweden (186)5.    Austria, Netherlands, Portugal (185)6.    Belgium, Canada, Greece, Ireland, Norway, Switzerland, UK,
USA (184)7.    Czech Republic, Malta (183)8.    New Zealand (182)9.    Australia, Lithuania, Slovakia (181)10.    Hungary, Iceland, Latvia, Slovenia (180) 