KAIZER Chiefs will host bitter rivals Orlando Pirates in the pick of the Telkom Knockout quarterfinal matches on the weekend of the first and second of November. The Soweto derby headlined the draw of the Ziwa Mo cup competition that was conducted in Mdantsane last night. The Premier Soccer League will confirm the dates and venues of the last eight fixtures. This means that Chiefs and Pirates will face each other twice next month as they are set to clash in the Absa Premiership at the FNB Stadium on 8 November. Meanwhile, Lehlogonolo “Vieira” Masalesa came off the bench to help Chippa United advance into the last eight of the competition. The Chilli Boys defeated Bloemfontein Celtic 1-0 at Sisa Dukashe Stadium in Mdantsane last night. For their efforts Chippa were rewarded with a home draw against league champions Mamelodi Sundowns. SuperSport United will entertain Golden Arrows at home, while Maritzburg United have a date with Highlands Park in KZN. The fans that braved the cold weather conditions to rally behind the Chilli Boys went home happy as their team gave them the much needed victory. Five matches in this competition were decided on penalties. Chippa joined Sundowns and Pirates as the only three teams that negotiated their way into the quarterfinal inside 90 minutes. In 2017, Celtic defeated the Chilli Boys on their way to the Ziwa Mo cup final. But this time Chippa had the last laugh as they dumped Celtic out of Ziwa Mo competition. It was a game as two halves as the Free State outfit dominated the first half, while Chippa controlled the game after half-time. The Chilli Boys are the only team yet to win a league game this season, but this win in the cup competition will serve as a confidence booster. Celtic skipper Ndumiso Mabena forced his friend and former team mate Patrick Tignyemb to make several saves in goal. This year’s TKO has been much tighter than in previous years and it was no surprise to see the Chilli Boys win by a one goal margin. Apart from Sundowns thumping AmaZulu 5-0, all the games have been tight. 