CHIPPA United coach Norman Mapeza believes their Telkom Knockout victory over Bloemfontein Celtic will go a long way towards helping his side regain their confidence and turn the corner. They edged Phunya Sele Sele 1-0 at the Sisa Dukashe Stadium on Tuesday to end their eight-match winless run and book their berth in the quarter-finals of the competition. The Chilli Boys, who have failed to bring the heat so far this season, will be hoping to carry the momentum into their upcoming league matches. Mapeza, who took over the reins from embattled former interim coach Duran Francis earlier this month, says it has been a tough task trying to motivate the team he found lacking in confidence. “It was never going to be easy to motivate players who had gone eight matches without winning. It’s like someone who just lost their parents, how can you tell them to move on in life? They will move on in life but that will take time,” said Mapeza. “I have been here for two weeks, I hardly know the names of these boys,” he admitted. “All I have had to do up to this point has been to just try and motivate them and instil some confidence in them. They must have belief, let’s keep working hard, let’s have discipline and let’s have determination.” Although Mapeza was happy to finally get that elusive first win, he is under no illusions about the task that still lies ahead for his side. They are rooted to the bottom of the Absa Premiership standings with four points from eight matches and are the only team yet to win a game in the league. They travel to Tembisa for a date with in-form Highlands Park at their fortress, the Makhulong Stadium on Saturday (8.15 pm). Mapeza is desperate for his charges to pick up from where they left off against Siwelele – playing with courage and discipline. “This is my third week with these boys, I’m just happy with their performance. But I do still feel there are some areas we need to keep working hard on,” added Mapeza who earlier in the year led Zimbabwean club FC Platinum Stars against Orlando Pirates in their Champions League clash. “We could have given the game away at the death. We need to work hard on our organisation from defence, midfield and going forward. “Everybody knows about our poor away form. You just need to look at our position on the log to see how bad it is. “We need to work extra hard, we are not out of the woods yet. Our main priority is to survive relegation, not taking away from the cup game because we really needed the win to get our rhythm and build our confidence.”