THERE was no stress over eliminations on
this weeks of Idols SA Season 15. After a challenging week for the idols
team, all Top 4 contestants proved why they were still on the show. With the high school hits theme, the
show was opened with the top 4 performing Bastille's Joy. They each chose hits they loved when
they were still in high school and also, those hits that were played by their
parents in high school. First to perform on stage was Nolo with
his mother’s favourite high school track ‘Let’s groove’ by Earth Wind fire. Somizi said it was a great performance.  "If you did research on the meaning
of the song, you could have rolled on the floor because it is a groovy
song," he said. He then rendered a fun and energetic
performance of Bruno Mars’s ‘Lazy Song’. Unathi said she was happy with both his
performances. Somizi said the last performance was
cute. Micayla took the audience on a trip down
memory lane with Roxette’s ‘It must’ve been love’. Unathi said it was a perfect song
choice. “I think you need to thank the love of
your parents and that you are here because of this song,” she said. Somizi said he hopes record labels are
not sleeping on her. “You are what the industry needs,” he
said. She also did Ariana Grande’s ‘Dangerous’.  Somizi said he didn’t have a clue what
the song was about. “You gave the song what it needed and it
was beautiful,” he said. Unathi said the performance was very
powerful. Luyolo lived up to his name and gave the
audience joy with a performance by The Commodore’s ‘Nightshift’. Somizi said he is charming. “You are the epitome of what less is
more, you are perfect,” he said. Randell agreed with Somizi that he was
perfect. “Sometimes when you sing softly people
listen,” he said. He then got the audience on their feet
and made them roar when he performed Usher’s ‘OMG’. Randell said he had a good song choice. Somizi said he had his heart on the
floor. “You did what I have been telling you,”
he said. Sneziey brought her personal touch and
re-imagined Black Coffee’s Superman. Unathi said she must be careful not to
take away the original song. “Don’t lose it so much from the
original. As you start performing your own songs don’t forget that in your
arrangement to bring audience to sing with you,” she said. Somizi said the performance was a flop. “I am glad to see that you can off ramp
because it makes you human. “It’s okay, people will look back on how
you did on your other performances and forgive you,” he said. 