The Kardashian/Jenner clan are widely known for their good
looks and staying beautiful and relevant. So when any of the sisters share their secrets to how they
achieve to look the way they do, the world pays attention. In older sister Kourtney Kardashian’s lifestyle website
Poosh, The sisters all shared what their different beauty tips are. Kourtney Kardashian says, “Double washing my body in the
shower. I wash my body while conditioning my hair and then rinse it out and
then wash my body again using a special body wash from my dermatologist. I also
use face creams that I don’t love on my body as a moisturizer so I’m not being
wasteful of the products. When I’m getting ready for a big night out, I apply
these gel patches (which I always keep in the fridge) under my eyes for at
least five minutes prior to putting on any makeup.” READ: PICS: NWU STUDENT LAUNCHES BEAUTY BRAND Khloe Kardashian suggests, “For an at-home body scrub: Use
brown sugar and honey as a natural and budget-friendly exfoliant. For an
at-home lip plumper: Mix a bit of peppermint into your lip gloss to give a
plumping effect. Instead of shaving cream, use conditioner or coconut oil. It’s
way more hydrating and does the trick.” Kim Kardashian West’s secret to her perfect pout is overling
her lips with a darker lip liner. Kendall Jenner advises to travel with your own pillowcase,
she says, “This will help avoid breakouts while on your trip and give you peace
of mind knowing you’re resting your face on clean cases.”. Beauty influencer and Billionare Kylie Jenner suggests “To
make a spray tan last longer, moisturize with body lotion every day.” And lastly, Momerger Kris Jenner advices that, “Wash your
face every night using a hot terry cloth washcloth. It acts as a natural
exfoliant by loosening dead skin cells, opens up the pores, and softens the
skin, prepping it for your night treatments. Make sure you get a new toothbrush
every three weeks to support dental health. Your mouth is like the holy grail
of your body, and it’s so important to take care of your teeth. Don’t forget to
floss every night.”