TV personality Maps Maponyane is the latest in a string of local stars who have opened their own restaurants. The star announced on Instagram that he has opened a burger joint called "Buns Out". Sharing two videos of what the restaurant looked like before and after the renovation, Maps wrote: "Things have been manic lately, but I'm so grateful they've been manic with either doing what I love or realizing some dreams. One of which is this, a new restaurant! It's a burger joint in Linden, Joburg called 'Buns Out'." Soooooo, things have been manic lately, but I'm so grateful they've been manic with either doing what I love or realising some dreams. One of which is this, a new restaurant!?? It's a burger joint in Linden, Joburg called 'Buns Out'?? . We've put a lot into giving the best possible product and we OPENED this weekend. The reviews have been great already and we're only going to get better. ???? . Frame 1 is the before 1 week ago, and Frame 2 is how we flipped the space in time for a busy first day of trading???? . @bunsoutlinden is open Sun-Thurs from 12PM-10PM and Fri-Sat till 11PM. Come through and let us know what you think???????? #Food #BunsOut #Burgers A post shared by  Maps Maponyane (@mmaponyane) on Sep 29, 2019 at 7:22am PDT  The presenter really has a gift when it comes to flipping spaces, mentioning that it took his team just one week to take the restaurant from a vacant building to a cool new eatery and even John Kani made a stop with his granddaughter. Not too long ago Maps also gave fans a glimpse of his home, which he renovated himself as well. Who knows, maybe flipping spaces will be the next business venture the star adds to his CV.  For now, though, he's focused on his burger joint, saying that reviews have been positive. He even got the stamp of approval from his "toughest critic" – his mom. Just got a stamp of approval from my toughest critic after her first meal at our new burger joint @bunsoutlinden Now I know we're destined for success ???????????? Thanks Mom? Also, Please come back? A post shared by  Maps Maponyane (@mmaponyane) on Sep 29, 2019 at 9:25am PDT  https://www.channel24.co.za/The-Juice/News/watch-maps-maponyane-opens-his-own-burger-joint-20191001