KAIZER Chiefs defender Yagan Sasman relishes the opportunity of playing in front of his home crowd when his club Kaizer visit The Citizens in Cape Town on Saturday (3pm). Having warmed the bench in their last meeting, the 23-year-old former Ajax Cape Town star had a working partnership with Daniel Cardoso in their Shell Helix Ultra Cup 4-2 win over Mamelodi Sundowns last weekend. A result, that has impressed Amakhosi coach Ernst Middendorp, which means Sasman could start against Benni McCarthy’s Cape Town City. “This is the second time I am going back. Hopefully I will be given another opportunity to play and it will be a privilege for me to play in front of my home fans,” he said ahead of the weekend that will be dominated by the Ziwa Mo matches. “Playing against City is always difficult, but we always prepare well for each team we play against.” Sasman wants to end the notion that Cape Town players always struggle in Joburg as they fail to stay more than two seasons. “I have heard a lot of people saying Cape Town players can’t survive in Joburg, but everybody is not the same. I think you are as good as your last game. I know many people, such as Franklin Cale and Mario Booysen, so I ask them for advice on a daily basis and when I have problems,” he said. “You need to be mentally strong playing at Chiefs. Sometimes you will have a bad game, but you need to get back on your wheels and keep striving.” This will be an interesting clash considering that Cape Town Cityare eager to avenge the 2-1 defeat they suffered at the hands of Amakhosi in the league match in August. Said Sasman: “I definitely think it will be a tough game. We are capable of scoring goals at anytime, whether it’s in the first or second half, we create opportunities all the time. If we take care of our chances, we can kill off the game early.” The lanky player said being versatile has worked in his favour. He is expected to keep a close eye on City’s deadly striker Kermit Erasmus, who scored in their last meeting. “I can play at any position, whether left-back or centre back. I can attack and defend, so the coach has been impressed with my hard work and everyone welcomed me with open arms. I feel I can improve the team.” Chiefs players Lorenzo Gordinho and Reeve Frosler have also made it easy for Sasman to settle in at Naturena. “Chiefs are a big club in South Africa. It’s always a different experience coming from Cape Town to play in Joburg, struggling with altitude and everything, so you need to adapt as quickly as possible. I have been hanging out with Lorenzo Gordinho and Reeve Frosler but other than that, I am close with everybody in the team.”