AMAZULU are facing eviction at the Moses Mabhida Stadium by the eThekwini Municipality. This is because the Durban-based outfit are going ahead with their plan to use Kings Park Stadium for their home games. This is after they cancelled Moses Mabhida Stadium as the third alternative venue this season and listed the iconic Kings Park Stadium. Kings Park is a stone’s thrown away from Moses Mabhida but it doesn’t form part of the deal the municipality signed with the club. Usuthu have committed to using King Zwelithini Stadium (in Umlazi), Princess Magogo Stadium (KwaMashu), Chartsworth Stadium (Chartsworth), Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium (in Clermont) and Mabhida. The deal also includes AmaZulu using People’s Park as their training facility. AmaZulu general manager Lunga Sokhela last week said using the rugby franchise (The Sharks) facility was because they have been “crying for years and years” and the municipality has not been supportive. Usuthu were also irritated by the municipality agreeing to extend its deal for another three years with Jozi clubs Kaizer Chiefs and Bidvest Wits to play their home games at Mabhida, the 2010 World Cup venue. “If AmaZulu play their game at King Park Stadium, they will have to find another venue because their offices will be removed at Mabhida,” said awell-placed municipality insider. “We’ll take them out at the People’s Park. We’ll also take them out for using any of our stadiums because those belong the municipality.” On top of this, AmaZulu will lose the funding of R3,2 million per season they get from the municipality as part of its commitment. They will also lose their marketing strategy with Durban Tourism since it falls under the unit of the municipality. “We’ve learnt of AmaZulu’s proposed move. We then wrote to AmaZulu management seeking clarity on the alleged move to the rugby stadium, in which they have since responded confirming that it is factual,” reads a municipality statement sent to SunSport. “I can confirm that there’s a contract in place. However, we cannot comment further since the matter is now with our eThekwini City Legal Service.” Usuthu moved their offices from Durban North to Mabhida when they were relegated at the end of the 2014/15 season.