FORMER Ga-Rankuwa United and TUT Football coach, Godfrey “City” Radebe, will be buried at his home in Ga-Rankuwa zone 1 on Saturday morning. Radebe, who used to play for Orlando Pirates and Mamelodi Sundowns, died this past weekend aged 62 following a short illness. The funeral service will start in the morning (6.30am) at his home before proceeding to the Grace Bible Church. The procession will then head to Kgabalatsane Cemetery. Family spokesman Peter Mohulatsi, an in-law to Radebe, said the community of Ga-Rankuwa is mourning the death of a football giant, who has changed many lives. His rusty voice won him a lot of respect from youngsters, whom he helped hone their soccer skills. He used to collect them from their homes to the community’s dusty grounds named Western and Eastern Grounds. These are the grounds where he mentored players of his amateur club, City Blizzard, which used to play in the Ga-Rankuwa Local Football League. “He was not only head of our family, but we shared Bra City with many communities around Pretoria, many of whom would knock on his door every time they want to chat about football,” said Mohulatsi. “He was instrumental in keeping football alive in Ga-Rankuwa. When he started his club City Blizards, he saw the need to keep children away from drugs and substance abuse. Those were the days. “Money was an obstacle to buy equipment, but he would always find a way to sustain his club without asking for a cent from the parents. That’s the kind of man he was.” Radebe helped Ga-Rankuwa United gain promotion to the National First Division (NFD) in the 2005-06 season. He was working with Russel “Romario” Molefe at the time. TS Galaxy coach Dan “Dance” Malesela has expressed his sadness at the loss of the “giant and dedicated football coach”. “I remember there was a funeral in Ga- Rankuwa of another former player, I just forgot whose funeral it was, City ran and walked all the way from Zone 1 to Kgabalatsane Cemetry in respect of the past player,” he recalls. “I also worked with him at Rankuwa United and I liked his passion for development. He did everything right and it’s just sad that we had to lose him.” Molefe, who is currently a Sundowns player scout, was lost for words expressing his sadness about the death of Radebe. “Phew! We worked together at United. We will miss him,” he said. Radebe had many talents, including acting. He featured on TV series written by Gomolemo Mokae. He leaves behind his mother Veleminah Radebe, son Tumi, two grandchildren, sisters Joyce, Bella and Maria.