PRESSURE is mounting on Orlando Pirates interim coach Rhulani Mokwena. The Bucs faithful are growing ever impatient with the former Mamelodi Sundowns assistant coach who is having a tough time in the Pirates hot seat. Since replacing Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic in August, Mokwena has only managed to mastermind two wins in nine matches. Their position on the Absa Premiership – 10th – does not make for good reading for Bucs supporters who are desperate for success. They thought this would be the season that they end their seven year trophy drought, especially after coming so close last season. But the Soweto giants have looked like a shadow of the side that reached the Telkom Knockout final and finished second in the league, last season. Their season can’t seem to pick up momentum and are finding wins hard to come by. Their latest 1-0 defeat to rookies Stellenbosch appears to have cut deep for Mokwena as well as the supporters. He struggled to explain the defeat after the game and just decided to congratulate Stellies who played out of their socks. And unfortunately, it doesn’t get easier for Mokwena and his side as they next face a Highlands Park outfit high in confidence following their bright start to the season. The match will take place at Makhulong Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm). Mokwena will then have to get his troops ready for back-to-back Soweto derbies against arch rivals Kazier Chiefs – Telkom Knockout quarter-final at Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday (3pm) before resuming the rivalry a week later in the league. It is safe to say the next three matches could make or break Mokwena’s future, who could get the boot should he lose all three matches. Mokwena will hope to head into the two derbies on the back of a morale boosting victory over tough as nails Highlands. But Owen Da Gama’s charges will instead look to pile more misery on Bucs. “We are under no illusions that it will be tough,” admitted Da Gama. “Pirates are a very good team. They had 27 chances against Stellenbosch and coach Rhulani was so flabbergasted he couldn’t even speak because of those chances. “We have to be focused against them, they will be dangerous. If we can get a point then we will be happy, we would like to win but we understand what quality they have.”