PITSO Mosimane has confessed that he was emotional watching Percy Tau dashing out his skills in front of a capacity crowd at the Santiago Bernabeu. "Work hard and never give up on your dream!" was the message from Pitso Mosimane to aspiring footballers who would like to follow in the foot-steps of the man known as the "Lion of Judah" because of his surname, which means "Lion". The Club Brugge forward inspired his side to a 2-2 draw against the star-studded Real Madrid in the European Champions League Group A encounter on Tuesda. The 25-year-old from Witbank, who is at Brugge KV on loan from Brighton and Hove Albion, was a marvel to watch, assisting Nigerian striker, Bonaventure Dennis, complete a brace in Madrid. "Seeing him walking at
the Bernabeu tunnel before the game starts was a bit emotional for me," said an excited Mosimane after their 2-1 Absa Premiership win against Black Leopards at the Thohoyandou Stadium. "The boy comes from our family and to see him
playing against the likes Sergio Ramos and Varena, Benzema and many more world
stars was emotional for me. But it was his dream. So we are very proud of
him. Percy is living his dream." Mosimane did not forget his contribution towards Tau's growth:"It's good to see a player you contributed
on his talent playing against the best. Percy comes from our youth development
and he took his chances. But this is what happened to players like Bongani
Zungu and Keegan Dolly. I hope this will serve as an inspiration to our players,
especially youngsters that dream do come true." Tau went on a self exile before the start of the past season when he declined to renew his contract Sundowns in pursuit of his dream of playing in Europe for Brighton & Hove Albion. That was after helping Sundowns win the African Champions League and the Super Cup. But his mother club Brighton Albion loaned him to Royale Union Saint-Gilloise before Brugge where he was taken the Europeans by storm. "I am sure this will also work as an inspiration to
all PSL players too. To play against Real Madrid and make an assist for a goal
is big. I thought Dolly was a monster but Percy is also too. I never coach a
talented player like Percy. "I want to see him playing against team like
Barcelona too," Mosimane continues. "The good thing is that he is a disciplined player who never
skips training. At Sundowns if you are not disciplined you are out." He signed for English Premiership side Brighton and Hove
Albion. But he was loaned to Belgium second Division side Royale Union
Saint-Gilloise where he did impressed Brugge.