Summer has official arrived, and taking care of our hair in the winter is a bit different than in winter. Hair this time of the year can get very dry very quickly, so it’s important to moisturize your hair and keep it hydrated.  Here are some simple tips to help you maintain your relaxed hair this summer. READ: HERE'S WHY GUGU NO LONGER WEARS WIGS! Wash your hair weekly It’s very important to wash your hair every week. It’s also very important to keep your hair hydrated to avoid dry hair. Wash your hair with products packed with ingredients that aid in hydration. Also condition your hair after a wash to get your hair to be very soft. Hair masks are also a great treatment to hydrate your hair and to leave it feeling light and bouncy. Get Ends Trimmed regularly Trimming and taking care of your ends is essential for hair growth. Some people think cutting your hair will make hair grow longer but that is not true. Go Easy on Heat styling Limiting heat is important. Our hair tends to be naturally dry, so when we constantly put heat on it, it get dry even more. When you do use heat, use a heat protector cream or spray and when using a blow dryer, use the lowest temperature settings.  READ: PICS: 10 EASY TO DO JUMBO TRIBAL CORNROWS Drink water Drinking water throughout the day will help flush toxins out of our body leaving our skin and hair healthier. Also pay attention to certain nutrients and minerals you eat. There are a lot of different foods and supplements that can help you get healthier skin, hair and nails. Wait a while before installing a protective style A fresh relaxer followed by braids or a weave is not a good idea. Wait for a week or two so you can properly moisturize your hair then install a protective hairstyle. If you are having hair problems, speak to a hair stylist. If you are experiencing a lot of breakage and thinning hair, you should consult a hair sylist to help you figure out what the problem is. Relaxer is not for everyone. Some ladies have low porosity hair and should be taken care of differently (in its natural state). But if your hair is taken care of and done correctly and you are still experiencing problems, do seek help.