SUPERSPORT United coach Kaitano Tembo has downplayed the idea of winning the double in a short space of time. Fresh from winning the MTN8 title, Matsatsantsa are Pitori have a date with Golden Arrows in the Ziwa More Telkom Knockout quarterfinal at home. Tembo’s men are favourites to book their spot in the semi-final against Steve Komphela’s charges. But Tembo is adopting a cautious approach going into their last eight battle scheduled to be played at the Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville on the first weekend of November. The Zimbabwean mentor, who is celebrating 20 years as a member of the Tshwane giants, wants to take it one step at a time. He is not even thinking about their cup game against Arrows yet. The three times league champions host Black Leopards in the Absa Premiership in Tshwane on Friday night (8pm). A modest Tembo said: “We’ve put ourselves in a good position in the TKO cup. We don’t have a slight advantage as we are playing at home, but Arrows will be difficult to beat. I told the players not to look to far ahead in the cup. We also have to forget that we won the MTN8 and shift our focus back on the league.” Last week, Matsatsantsa a Pitori dumped Ziwa Mo champions Baroka FC on penalties after their round of 16 encounter ended 1-1 after extra-time. They host another team from Limpopo in the form of Leopards. They lost 3-1 to Polokwane City in Limpopo and defeated Baroka 2-0 in Polokwane. They have won one and lost one against Limpopo opposition so far this season. Tembo’s team appear to be suffering from fatigue if their performance against Baroka is anything to go by. The players did not have the best of games despite winning the game in the shoot-out. Tembo says that he has a small squad and he is considering  to add a few players in the January transfer window. “We have seven players out on international duty and it’s always difficult to get them going after the break hence we struggled. We also have a small squad and will add a few players. For now, the focus is on beating Leopards at home. It’s a must win game for us,” he added. Tembo’s mandate is to win a cup competition and guide the team into the top five brackets in the league to have his two-year deal renewed at the end of the season. He achieved part of his mandate by winning the first knockout competition of the season. He continued: “for me personally, I’m not worried about the mandate. Last year we didn’t win a cup, but we won this year. We finished sixth in the league and the idea is to improve on that position.” 