KAIZER Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp says he feels some fans have not yet accepted him even despite a positive start to the Absa Premiership season. Chiefs maintained their position at the top of the table with a 2-0 win over Golden Arrows at FNB Stadium on Tuesday. They look certain to improve on last season’s poor campaign that saw them finish outside the top eight (ninth) for the first time in 11 years. The German-born mentor had a tough end to last season as other fans wanted him out after he failed to win a trophy. But he has finally found joy since Amakhosi are riding the crest of wave this season, having collected 19 points in eight matches. Middendorp has now won six matches with one draw and one defeat. “When I am on the field I have joy with the players, I like it,” Middendorp explained. “But after our finish last season, when we started (preparing for this season) on 19 May, you know that eight out of 10 (people) want you out. “Now you go everyday in the morning to work and you know eight out of 10 want you out. You go motivate (players). You let it go, you work and make it happen (get results). This is something we as coaches, who have a target are capable of.” However, Middendorp says he is not thinking about winning the Absa Premiership Q-Innovation quarterly award. “I was not even thinking about Q2, I don’t even know what is Q1 or whatever you call it. I am good in mathematics, but I am not good in counting of points. “We just go from one game to another try to figure out what we need. There are a lot of people in the club that needs Q1 and how important it is. Middendorp revealed that majority of injured players who missed the Arrows match will resume training on Monday to prepare for the Shell Helix Ultra Cup at the same venue on 12 October. The Naturena side will meet Bloemfontein Celtic in the Macufe Cup the following day. “We are in a fantastic position and I think we did the job. But the injuries we picked up in our last two games and today is not a big deal. “Kearyn (Buccas) has a knock, Reeve Frosler, George Maluleka, Ntiya-Ntiya (Siphosakhe), Moleko (Kgotso), Samir Nurkovic will all start training on Monday.” Middendorp says more youngsters will follow in Njabulo Blom footsteps. The defender had a great game on debut against Arrows in the absence of injured Frosler and Moleko. “It’s good to have experienced players, but you need to look how far Blom is, how far (Happy) Mashiane and (Nkosingiphile) Ngcobo, they are all knocking on the door. ”