SUPERSPORT United coach Kaitano Tembo will use the MTN8 Cup final against Highlands Park at the Orlando Stadium on Saturday (7pm) to re-audition for his job. The Zimbabwean has entered into his final two-year contract as the head coach of Matsatsantsa a Pitori. But the renewal of his contract depends on how he will perform in the Absa Premiership and cup competitions. Tembo is one of the longest serving members of the Tshwane giants’ team as he has been with the club for nearly 20 years. His mandate is to secure a top four finish in the league and win one cup competition. According to club chief executive, Stan Matthews, the job will be as good as his, if he successfully carries out his mandate. Matsatsantsa a Pitori warmed up for their first domestic cup final of the season with a 1-0 win over struggling AmaZulu at the Lucas Moripe Stadium in Attredgeville on Saturday night. They are going into the big showdown in high spirits as one of the form teams in the league. “His contract renewal depends on how he performs,” Matthews told SunSport. “If he wins the trophy, he will be able to focus on his other mandate of doing well in the league.” Matthews warned that finishing outside of the top eight is a no-no for Tembo as that will lead straight to his dismissal. Matsatsantsa a Pitori have reached their third consecutive Wafa Wafa cup final winning and losing against Cape Town City at the Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban. But they are the overwhelming favourites against Highlands. The Tembisa-based outfit will make their first cup final appearance for the first time since 1983. Matsatsantsa a Pitori will look to the history books as they have a 100% record of playing cup finals at Orlando Stadium. They defeated Mamelodi Sundowns 2-0 in the Tshwane derby to win the Nedbank Cup title in 2012. In 2014, they edged Platinum Stars in a five goal thriller (3-2) to capture the Telkom Knockout title. Tembo lost his first cup final last year against Cape Town City and Matthews is hoping that the players will give him his first ever title as a head coach. “This is Tembo’s moment to shine. It’s his chance to impress and for his contract to renewed at the end of the season.”