MAMELODI Sundowns striker Jeremy Brockie wants out! The New Zealand international, who is on loan at Maritzburg United, is desperate for a return to his former club, SuperSport United. Insiders at Matsatsantsa a Pitori have confirmed that the misfiring marksman is on his knees begging the club to rescue him. SunSport understands there has been communication between him and the club in this regard. “He is begging to come back. He is really desperate,” said a source close to United. “He’s been texting the club non-stop, pleading for them to take him back.” Brockie made a multi-million rand switch to the Brazilians midway the 2017-18 season, but soon learned the grass is not always greener on the other side. He spent the entire pre-season trying to force a move back to Matsatsantsa a Pitori, but seemingly couldn’t have his wish. But the 31-year-old insists he is happy at Maritzburg. “To be honest, I don’t want to think about that (move). All I want to do is to focus on Maritzburg right now. I’m happy to be at Maritzburg,” said Brockie. The Kiwi had a nightmarish debut for the Team of Choice, missing a penalty and a gilt-edged chance to score in their narrow 1-0 league victory over Chippa United at Harry Gwala Stadium on Friday. The fans even called for his substitution. But he is not fazed. “I think it’s going to take a couple of games to get back into the groove again. But what happened (the booing) is part of the game,” he maintains. Hailed as one of the best foreign imports, Brockie netted 54 goals for SuperSport in three seasons, before he was lured to the nouveau-riche Tshwane rivals. However, he couldn’t live up to expectations at the Brazilians as he’d go on to endure a frustrating spell, scoring just four goals in 29 matches. “He feels trapped at Sundowns with no way out. Returning to Sundowns is a “no-no” for him. He is now looking to move after the season,” added the insider. His parent club, however, will be expecting him to report to camp at the end of the season. And there is another problem... United aren’t quite keen to have him back as he didn’t leave on good terms. The source further claimed that, in the days leading up to his departure to Sundowns, Brockie led a dressing room revolt against then coach Eric Tinkler. “He submitted a transfer letter requesting to be sold to Downs. The club couldn’t deal with his bad attitude. He felt he was bigger than the team and the club couldn’t tolerate that.”