HAVING shaken off a shoulder injury, Bafana Bafana goalkeeper Ronwen Williams is raring to go. The SuperSport United keeper will be hoping to get the nod in goal when Bafana face Mali in the Nelson Mandela Challenge. The clash will take place at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Sunday (3pm). Williams, though, is fully aware that he has a fight on his hands for the number one jersey. Darren Keet and Ricardo Goos will be equally determined to stake their claim under new mentor Molefi Ntseki. “We are blessed with quality goalkeepers, the coach was spoiled for choice in that department but the ones that are here must push one another to the limit,” said Williams. “We are happy to have someone like Darren Keet, who is playing overseas. There is also the young Ricardo Goos, who will learn a lot while he is here. “For me, I have gained some valuable experience playing at the Afcon, now I want to really stake my claim. I see a bright future for myself going forward, I want to play for the national for a long time.” Williams is confident that Bafana will flourish under the stewardship of Ntseki, who has been in the national team set-up for a while. The 27-year-old shot stopper has been impressed with the impact the former SA Under-17 national men’s team coach has had on the team and hopes it will translate into results. “The structure is there already, the guys that have come into the team have found it relatively easy to settle,” said Williams. “The coach didn’t come in and try to change a lot, he has retained the structure, the way we want to play and build up so it is standard. And we are professionals, we know what to do and we know why we are here so it’s just for us to stick to the game plan we have for Mali.” Williams expects a cracking encounter against The Eagles, who are ranked 14 places above Bafana in the rankings. The clash will serve as preparation for the upcoming 2021 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers. Bafana will play Ghana and Sudan next month for a place at the continent’s flagship tournament set to be staged in Cameroon. “It’s going to be an interesting game,” added Williams. “We haven’t played them (Mali) in a long time but we have extra motivation. This is our former president’s tournament, Mr Nelson Mandela, so want the trophy to stay here. We will go out there and give our best to ensure that his legacy lives on. “We watched a few of their games. They are a big, strong and very physical team but we know their weaknesses. We have studied them. We know what to expect. We don’t’ need to be worried a lot about them, we have our own strengths and our own way of doing things so we are confident that we will get a positive result.”  