THE sight of Ernst Middendorp leaving Lucas Moripe Stadium under a barrage of boos last weekend was without doubt startling. The Kaizer Chiefs coach was a keen spectator when Sundowns pulverised AmaZulu in the Knockout cup. But he didn’t stay the entire match. I guess he’d already seen enough to know what he will be up against when Amakhosi visit Loftus this weekend. As expected, there was a mixed reaction to the behaviour of overzealous Sundowns fans, as many quipped on social media. Was their conduct over the top? Or were the Masandawana fans just being typical football fans? You be the judge. But Amakhosi supporters have been rubbed up the wrong way. They can’t stand the disrespect and would certainly want to have the last laugh on Sunday. However, bad blood is the lifeblood of football rivalry. The taunts, the jibes and mind games are all part of the game. It was interesting to see Middendorp lay into his Downs counterpart, Pitso Mosimane, accusing him of disrespecting the Soweto giants on live TV. You simply can’t make such stuff up! Mosimane’s comments that referees were too lenient on Chiefs certainly stoked the fire. But we all love the football squabbles, don’t we? Those who’ve been around long enough would know the tiff between the two antagonists dates back 12 years ago, when the German first landed in the PSL. And it seems the history of mutual loathing is stirred up each time they face each other. But I’d be happy to see coaches bicker and taunt each other before a big match than to see them embrace like kids after pre-school. Fans want to see war on the football pitch and not friends having a picnic. The stage is set and it’ll be up to the Brazilians and Amakhosi players to treat us to a spectacle at Loftus on Sunday and not a yawn-fest. To argue about the intensity level of one rivalry over another is futile. But there is no arguing the Soweto derby is bigger. The famous derby headlines the Telkom Knockout quarter-finals, having being paired together in a draw. However, as seen four years ago, successive Soweto derbies can amount to overkill and not necessarily be appealing. The organisers will have to consider another venue for the TKO cup showdown, which comes immediately after the league derby. Kgomotso Sethusha  on Twitter via @Kgomotsso