SHE DUMPED her boyfriend two years ago. So when the man suddenly arrived and demanded punani, she chased him away. BUT SHE SUSPECTS HE CAME BACK, ARMED WITH A CAN OF PETROL AND A BOX OF MATCHES!  It was in the early hours of Monday when he allegedly poured petrol over the shack and set the place on fire. Mamoya Mokhethi (25) from Everest squatter camp in Springs, Ekurhuleni, told Daily Sun she believes it was her ex-boyfriend because she denied him sex. She was woken by the smoke and people screaming outside calling her name. “I only got out after a neighbour kicked down the door,” she said. READ: THE FERGUSONS BREAK THEIR SILENCE! Mamoya was sleeping with her son in the one room. She said she heard the familiar voice of her ex saying: “I told you I would be back. Since you failed to give me sex. I am showing you flames.” “I ran to the other rooms and woke up my two brothers’ five kids, who stay in other shacks. The room was covered in flames and it was spreading to the other rooms in the shack,” she said. Neighbours broke the door to get them out. Daily Sun found the victims trying to save some of the building material to rebuild their shack. Her brother Setsumi Mokhethi said among his damaged valuables was his music system. “To start over again is not easy,” he said. Mamoya’s uncle, Joshua Mokethi, said he’s devastated because he also lost his ID and other valuables things in the fire. READ: UZALO'S MANGCOBO FINDS LOVE AGAIN! “I lost my two plasma TVs, my fridge and my winter blankets,” he said. “I loved nice clothes but look at me now. I’m only left with the clothes that I’m wearing. I even lost my special Florsheim shoes.” The family is appealing to the SunReaders to donate clothes and building material to rebuild their home. Mamoya said she ended the relationship with her boyfriend in 2017 because she was worried he would hurt her. She said after she got a job as a domestic worker, he was unhappy to see her progressing. “He lives in the same street as me. He was jealous because I didn’t ask him for anything.” Mamoya said the 26-year-old ex-boyfriend works as a zama zama. “I don’t know why did he did this. This is not my shack. This is my home and I was not staying alone.” Community leader Celani Mngomezulu said they tried to put out the fire, but it was too strong. Captain Johannes Ramphora of the Springs Police Station said a case of arson was opened and cops were looking for the suspect.