LOCAL pugilist and International Boxing Organisation (IBO) mini-flyweight world champion Simphiwe “Chain Reaction” Khonkco’s sacrifice has finally paid dividends. The talented fighter from Mthatha, Eastern Cape, packed his bag and left his home province for Gauteng to elevate his boxing career. It was not an easy decision as he left his family behind, not sure whether his new journey would be successful. Fast forward to today, the boxing sensation doesn’t regret the sacrifices he made. He has a golden opportunity to challenge for the lucrative World Boxing Council (WBC) title. He will be up against reigning WBC champion Wanaheng Menayothin in Thailand on Friday. “I’m so excited to see my boxing career at this level. It was not an easy ride and being away from people who depend on you, especially if you don’t know if your journey will be a success or not,” said Khonkco. “I’m happy with the direction my career is taking. It’s a dream for every boxer to fight for that title, let alone winning it. “It’s a great feeling to live that dream.” Khonkco, who goes into this fight as an underdog, carries the hopes of South Africans on his tiny shoulders, as Mzansi hasn’t won the WBC world crown in almost two decades. Thulani Malinga and Dingaan Thobela are the only SA fighters in history to have won WBC titles. Both fighters won their titles in the super middleweight division. Malinga won the WBC world title twice. He beat Nigel Benn by a split decision in March of 1996 in Newcastle before losing his first title defence to Vincenzo Nardiello in Manchester later that year. The Rose of Soweto beat Glenn Catley to win the same WBC super middleweight title in Brakpan on 2 September 2000. Thobela lost the title to Canadian fighter Dave Hilton, who would never defend the title and only fought one more bout before retiring. The South African would take another shot at the WBC title, in 2001 Thobela took another shot at the WBC and fought another Canadian, Eric Lucas, but lost by TKO in the eighth round in 2001. A 33-year-old Menayothin is an icon of minimumweight boxing sporting an outstanding record of 53-0; 18 and has made 11 successful defences of the belt since November 2014.