Bahumi, an aspiring actress and reality star said she first met the late Lebo Mathosa when she was five or six years old. She will be playing the role of a young Lebo in the upcoming BET Africa's six part docu-series ; Dream: The Lebo Mathosa Story. Bahumi said: "The fondest memory I have of Lebo Mathosa was from when I was five or six and we went to the Rand Easter Show, a show where her and my father were performing. "I remember she was this amazing powerhouse on stage… and was always so maternal and protective over me and I think that is why I really want to tell her sincere, humble and emotional side.” An excited  Bahumi has taken to her Instagram page to share her excitement about getting the coveted role. “Words cannot describe…but in their best effort, telling the story I had both dreamed and feared of telling my whole life, has been one of the most humbling experiences and gifts thus far. God Thank You. You are Faithful. May You forever be glorified[sic],” she wrote.“To each person who has played a role in helping me, guiding me, and pushing me throughout this process, you truly are a blessing. From my friends and my family, to the amazing crew (the greatest appreciation to the choreographers @erasmusmegan and Sis Sbongile for being extreme professionals and encouraging Aunts to me all at the same time), I would not have enjoyed this process with all the challenges it came with if God didn’t choose all of you to walk this with me.Here’s to a beautiful production, a beautiful story, and an extraordinary person I have been trusted to evoke - may her soul rest in everlasting peace,” she added. Words cannot describe.. But in their best effort, telling the story I had both dreamed and feared of telling my whole life, has been one of the most humbling experiences and gifts thus far. God Thank You. You are Faithful. May You forever be glorified. To each person who has played a role in helping me, guiding me, and pushing me throughout this process, you truly are a blessing. From my friends and my family, to the amazing crew (the greatest appreciation to the choreographers @erasmusmegan and Sis Sbongile for being extreme professionals and encouraging Aunts to me all at the same time), I would not have enjoyed this process with all the challenges it came with if God didn’t choose all of you to walk this with me. Here’s to a beautiful production, a beautiful story, and an extraordinary person I have been trusted to evoke - may her soul rest in everlasting peace. ???? (Clips from the first week of dance rehearsals ) A post shared by  Bahumi (@bahumi777) on Oct 15, 2019 at 10:51am PDT  