FORMER Orlando Pirates winger Sifiso Myeni is ready to have another bite at the Absa Premiership cherry after falling out of favour with a number of PSL clubs. Myeni was last on Bidvest Wits’ books in the 2017-18 season, which happened to be his last club in the PSL. It is now almost two seasons without a club for the Vaal-born winger. But the 31-year-old revealed that he still has it in him to win matches for whichever clubs that are willing to sign him. He has been a bit unfortunate in reviving his soccer career, even though he has been playing well. He recently tried his luck at Chippa United, Highlands Park and Bloemfontein Celtic. But all those efforts proved fruitless. His last involvement was when he was only fit to be on the bench when Wits lost 2-0 to Mamelodi Sundowns in a league match at Loftus Stadium on 14 April last year. That was before he was released. “If God gave you the talent, only God can take it away from you and no one else,” said Myeni. “Football is my thing. I love playing football. I know I can still give more. I won’t mind even playing in the NFD (GladAfrica Championship). “Sadly in South Africa, once you have hit the 30s age mark, people write you off and it is a bit difficult to get a club. “That is something I cannot control. “But my agent is working on something to get me a club.” Despite challenges of getting his career back, Myeni is one of the most successful footballers in the PSL. He won two league titles, two MTN8 and two Nedbank Cups. He was part of the Bucs side that lost the Caf Champions League final in 2013, and two years later in the Confederation Cup. He is keeping himself busy by inspiring young footballers in the Vaal and helps identify their talents with his club Myeni FC, which campaigns in the SAB League. He is also the head coach of the team. Myeni claims that he is been running the club from his own pocket for over six years now. Said the former SuperSport United midfielder: “I want these boys to stay away from drugs. “I want to unearth the next Sifisos. That is my goal. I want to see more of them getting opportunities to play at the highest level, just like I did.”