AMAZULU general manager Lunga Sokhela says it is sad that referees have become the talking point instead of the football on the pitch. Sokhela feels everyone is talking about the officials and reasons that can never be a good advert for the Absa Premiership. Mervyn van Wyk was one of the assistant referees in the fixture played last month and came in for heavy criticism after Usuthu were denied a clear goal in a match that Chiefs eventually went on to win 2-0. Safa have since suspended Van Wyk and he will not officiate in any of the Premier Soccer League and GladAfrica fixtures for the next four weeks. Commentators and the football public were left baffled when two clear Usuthu goals we’re disallowed, in what was coach Jozef Vukusic’s first match. The atrocious refeering literally knocked the wind out of the Usuthu sails, as they went on to lose at home on Heritage Day. Like many, Sokhela has been vocal on social media about the state of refereeing, and went to the extent of sharing van Wyk’s footage of the game in question. “We need to upgrade these officials because we watch football all over the world and if you look at other countries, we are just so far behind,” said Sokhela. Safa signed a five-year contract with what is now a controversial sponsorship deal with Outsurance last year, in an effort to develop and improve the standard of referees in the country. But Sokhela feels since that deal was signed, the standard of officiating has yet to improve. “It is just terrible in my view,” added Sokhela. Mr van Wyk is not the only official who has been handed a sanction. Assistant referee Athuxolo Madela, who officiated the Kaizer Chiefs vs Baroka match last month, was sanctioned too. Both van Wyk and Madela will only be eligible to officiate in regional league matches (both men and women). This level of officiating has left the Safa chairperson of the referees committee, Natasha Tsichlas, puzzled after all the officials went through a rigorous pre-season course in July, which was conducted by esteemed referee trainers, Lim Kee Chong and Mr Felix Tangawarima. “These mistakes are unacceptable and cannot be tolerated. But we are confident that they will come back stronger and do a good job,” said Tsichlas. The referees have constantly come under fire, mostly from the PSL, who feel they undo the hard work teams put out.