 THE BISHOP is angry about the clothes women wear to church. “It’s bad for the church and it’s against the Bible,” he said. “SLAY QUEENS DISRUPT THE HOLY SPIRIT!” Bishop Julius Marupta of the Nations International Ministry in Tsakane, Ekurhuleni, said the new fashions are unacceptable. He said the women came to church dressed in sleeveless shirts and show off their cleavage. They came dressed in mini dresses and sharp heels. Speaking to Daily Sun yesterday,Marupta quoted from Timothy 2 verse 9 and 10. “I also want the women to dress modestly, with decency and propriety,” he read. “Adorning themselves, not with elaborate hairstyles or gold or pearls or expensive clothes, but with good deeds, appropriate for women who profess to worship God. He said it’s against the Bible for women to dress up, especially in church. “This behaviour is unacceptable and disrupts the Holy Spirit from entering the church,” he said. Marupta said it also disrupts his sermon! Women elders had complained to him. “Most women dress up to attract men in church,” he said. “They believe church is the best place to meet a future husband. “The Bible does not ask women to dress skimpily in order to get married. “They imitate what they see happening outside and bring it to church.” He said other church leaders should stand up against inappropriate dress code. “It’s wrong for church leaders to allow it for fear of losing money and donations. “If we allow it, we’ll all go to hell. We must be guided by the Bible.” The SunTeam asked churchgoers about their views. Millicent Kgomo (66) said: “As young girls we respected church because it’s the kingdom of God. “We wrapped our lower bodies with blankets while worshipping. Today our kids have lost respect and have no morals. “They don’t listen when we advise them to cover up. They think we’re jealous of their hips.” Zanele Mthembu (30) said: “I believe God doesn’t care about how we dress in church but cares about what is in our hearts. “I hate it when women are told what to wear in church. They are dictating to us how to live and hiding behind the Bible. “As long as a person is comfortable. That should be enough, rather than to judge and declare someone as evil.” 