FMI (a
Division of Bidvest Life Ltd) policyholder, Denise Williams celebrated her 60th
birthday in 2016 with the news of her daughter’s miracle pregnancy. A month
later, she embarked on an adventurous biking holiday, followed by an idyllic
getaway to Zanzibar. Life couldn’t have been better. But
within days of welcoming her baby granddaughter into the world in August 2016,
Denise received a devastating diagnosis: she had breast cancer. Luckily, she
caught it early. “I decided from day one that I was going to see my
granddaughter turn 21 and this cancer was not going to beat me,” Denise says. Three
years later, Denise is in remission, and living her best life. She has a new
appreciation for Breast Cancer Awareness Month – and also thanks her lucky
stars every day for having income protection, which carried her financially
through the darkest time in her life. Before
her diagnosis, when discussing which insurance policy would best suit her
needs, Denise had no idea that her financial adviser’s advice to select FMI’s
Temporary Income Protector (TIP) benefit would be her proverbial saving grace. “One
of the first things you think of after being diagnosed with such an illness is
how you will manage financially,” she said. With her Temporary Income Protector
benefit, Denise received 100% of her income for 7 months, and 50% for another 2
months when she returned to work part-time. She also received her first 2-month
payment upfront, thanks to FMI’s comprehensive Defined Events claims criteria
(paid irrespective of whether she worked or not). Denise is one of an estimated 100 000
South Africans who get a cancer diagnosis each year, with 1 in 9 women being
diagnosed in their lifetime1 and breast cancer being the leading
cancer diagnosed among women2, with between 10 and 20 new breast
cancer diagnoses every week at the Groote Schuur Hospital alone. It’s
unlikely that there’s a single South African untouched by cancer, and it’s
common knowledge that the impact of a critical illness is much more than just
financial – it’s a life-changing, emotionally-taxing experience that affects
the whole family. Today, FMI’s product has evolved to what is
a first-to-market Critical Illness Income (CI Income) solution. “We’ve made our
market-leading temporary income protection benefits even better by adapting them
to meet the specific needs of a critical illness through our CI Income
benefit,” says FMI CEO, Brad Toerien. Teorien
says that when FMI initially set out to develop its critical illness product,
it first spoke to individuals fighting serious illnesses like cancer, so that
the insurer could better understand their daily challenges to offer a solution
that addressed these needs. For a small additional premium,
policyholders with our temporary income protection benefits can opt to add CI
Income cover, which pays 130% of the income cover amount for 12 months (subject
to the benefit term and less the waiting period), whether you work or not. FMI’s Critical Illness cover
automatically includes CI Assist, which includes a suite of benefits like
counselling, transport and childcare, up to the value of R50 000. Policyholders
also get access to Medical Second Opinion (MSO), an automatically included
benefit in the FMI Individual product. This provides access to the world’s
leading medical centres for an independent review of their diagnosis and
treatment plan. “No-one
should have to go through the trauma of dealing with a critical illness, but it
helps to know that if you do, you can depend on your Critical Illness Income
cover to ease the financial, emotional and logistical strain so that you can
focus on getting better,” Toerien says.  Click on the link to watch Denise’s story,
https://www.fmi.co.za/real-stories