DIPLOMATIC Kaizer Chiefs Ernst coach Ernst Middendorp has shown no interest in criticising the referees. Instead he has defended the officials, who have come under fire from frustrated PSL coaches for poor performances in recent months. Amakhosi are still perched at the top on 21 points of the Absa Premiership, having thumped nearest-rivals Mamelodi Sundowns in a tension-filled fixture at the weekend. Middendorp has been embroiled in a war of words with his Sundowns counterpart, Pitso Mosimane, who again argued Amakhosi benefited from a favourable decision in their 2-0 win at Loftus. “Are we talking about the situation where probably there could have been a penalty for Chiefs?” asked Middendorp. “What the hell are we doing? Let it go. “Today is your advantage, tomorrow is my advantage. “I saw on Wednesday a game that I believe there was a very clear situation and there should have been a penalty. But should we discuss each and every action (situation)? “Now you are telling me our goal was off-side. But the referee clearly indicated it was a goal. Holy ghost! “I think we should stop this because we are addressing it to the wrong people. The referees are administrators and they are teachers and if you want to address it, address is to the PSL, address to Safa. And don’t follow (criticise) these guys who do their best. I will repeat again and again, whether you like it or not.” Amakhosi haven’t much time to wallow in their massive victory as they shift their focus to the upcoming Soweto derby this weekend. Middendorp, who has praised two-goal hero Samir Nurkovic, would love nothing more than to record successive wins against his fiercest rivals and quell doubt over his team’s ability to win consistenctly and maintain their league top spot. He admitted Sundowns weren’t clinical on Sunday and that was the difference between the two sides. But he is happy to be going into the derby high on confidence. He said: “We shift our focus to the weekend game. A lot of work has to be done. It will be an entertaining one too.”