HIGHLANDS Park have started the 2019-20 season like they finished the previous campaign – on a high note. The Lions of the North, who finished in the top eight in the Absa Premiership for the first time last term, appear to be driven to achieve more this season. They have already showed their intent by reaching the MTN8 final, their first ever final in the PSL era. However, they couldn’t manage to clinch the title, losing out to an experienced SuperSport United outfit 1-0. Nevertheless, Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba will look to continue punching well above their weight. And according to star midfielder Mothobi Mvala, the secret behind their increasingly impressive form in these early stages of the season, has been their determination to avoid becoming one season wonders. Mvala, who was the highest scoring midfielder in the league last season and was named the club’s player of the season, says they intend to build on from the foundation they built last season. “This season started very well for us and it is all down to the pre-season we had,” revealed Mvala. “The coach made it clear to us that we can’t rest on our laurels, we had to improve on the good season we had last term. “To be honest, we did not want to be one of those teams who do well one season and then struggle the next. “Our coach and his technical team motivate us very well to avoid going down that road. We want to keep winning and keep getting positive results. “Last season we were making silly mistakes at the back, conceding silly goals and the coach was very hard on us. “We had to work on those things during pre-season, how to manage games and things like that. I can safely say we have improved a lot. We are able to close out games now.” The Tembisa-based outfit, whose Wafa Wafa final defeat is still fresh in their memory, will be hoping to console themselves with the Telkom Knockout. They will host Black Leopards at their Makhulong Stadium fortress on Sunday (3pm), looking to pull another impressive cup run. Mvala, who will be high in confidence following his return from Bafana Bafana camp, insists the players want to deliver silverware this season to ever hard working coach Owen Da Gama and his staff. “Our coach and technical staff work very hard in terms of analysing, even our fitness trainer Simone Conley is doing her best to get us in shape mentally and physically.”