W HILE roaming the streets of Jozi aimlessly, overthinking why I got stood up by a possible future wife on Saturday evening, I stumbled upon thelong-forgotten art of beatboxing. Beside an old derelict building at Carr Street, in Newtown, Jozi, a group of teens were putting their so-called lyricism to the test – the oldskool way – in a cypher. I felt inclined to appreciate what they had to express. And as one would expect, what they rapped about was based on lives they don’t live. But little did they know they were an instrument of black identity – in a pop culture sense, particularly in the arts. Since most of their “bars” (lyrical verses) were in English, I wondered if indeed our African languages had failed these young men. Maybe their style of rapping had been influenced by the dominance of American culture in mainstream mass media. If you’ve been around long enough, you’d have seen the Western influence rear its prominent head in various cultures around the world. Anyhow, I might not have the answers to these pertinent questions, but I’d like to consider a few things about language in hip hop. A scenario that comes to mind is rap sensations Sjava and Sho Madjozi bringing home BET Awards. Would this have happened if they were wannabes emulating American bling? Probably not! The point I’m making is, although hip hop is a global language, it only makes sense that it purely reflects the identities of the various people around the world, who follow this culture. And this can only be achieved if rappers paint a reality we can understand – through mother tongue. Come to think of it, both Sjava and Sho Madjozi reflect the evolution of street culture. And despite featuring global influences in their craft, it’s dominated by the African identity. I’m by no mean suggesting there should be uniformity when it comes to hip hop. But considering the genre started as a political instrument among black Americans, it only makes sense that rappers in Mzansi use it carefully as a culmination of our rich societal and cultural essence. So, my stance on rappers within our borders, who flow using the Queen’s language, is simple. They just have to come back home!