ORLANDO Pirates interim coach Rhulani Mokwena has been impressed with the amount of fight and effort his players have been putting on, as they attempt to turn the corner. Bucs have struggled for consistency since the departure of former coach Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic. They have only managed to win two of their eight matches in all competitions since the Serbian’s rather abrupt departure. That has put his replacement, Mokwena, under immense pressure with the Bucs faithful demanding improvement. But the former Mamelodi Sundowns assistant coach is optimistic that better days are just around the corner. His players have been fighting tooth and nail to regain the type of football that saw them finish second in the PSL last season. Mokwena heaped praise on a number of his players, adding that they are doing everything he has asked of them. “Two important pillars in our team are preparation and hard work. That’s all we know,” said Mokwena. “These players have shown unbelievable commitment. Unbelievable resilience. “They are all doing their best. I can’t fault them. Even those who are not in the team, they are fighting to get into the side. (Justin) Shonga is slowly but surely fighting his way back into the team. That’s all you ask from your players – to be competitive and to fight. “As a coach, that’s all you want to see – collective effort.” Mokwena will be hoping for more of the same in their second meeting with Stellenbosch FC. This time in a league game. The match will be played at the Cape Town Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). Stellies will be a different proposition in their back yard, especially with some of their best players set to return to the team after they were rested for the cup match. Mokwena is aware that his side will have to bring their A-game if they want to leave the Mother City with all three points. He said his side took some valuable lessons from their first encounter with the Cape Winelands. “We will go back and analyse our first match against Stellies, and try to work out some of the things we could have done better,” added Mokwena. “We don’t want to put the cart before the horse. We need to look at our last match, analyse and clean it and then focus on the next one.”