IF you thought Sandile Ndlovu has run out of bullets in his “AK-47” then you have another thing coming. The former Mamelodi Sundowns striker might not be gunning down defenders himself these days, but he is still a thorn in their side. That is because Ndlovu now spends his time moulding future sharpshooters that could one day continue his legacy – terrorising defenders as he used to in his heydays. For those who thought he might be out there gallivanting the streets and living an unhealthy lifestyle, you are wrong, the lanky striker is still strong and keeping fit. He runs the Sandile “AK-47” Ndlovu Academy back home in Pietermaritzburg, precisely in the township called Imbali.  Through the academy, Ndlovu aims to create football opportunities for youngsters from his township. The area, which is just 15km from the capital city of KwaZulu Natal, is known for having produced the likes of Mbulelo “OJ” Mabizela and Andile “Sguda”Cele.Ndlovu would like to see more talent emerge from this township that has so much potential. The youngsters who are part of Ndlovu’s academy, are grateful to be working with someone they look up to. Melokuhle Bhengu, who has been in the academy for some time and plays as a right-back, said: “It is nice to be coached by someone who played football professionally, it is not the same to be coached by someone who has never played the game. “Since we all here, our coach Ndlovu has made a massive difference.  “While I’m still young, I want to see myself play in the MDC (PSL reserve league) and go up the ladder and play in the PSL. If I get lucky by doing well, go play abroad.” Sizwe Ndlovu, who travels over 21 kilometers to the training at St Nicholas School’s Sports Fields by using public transport every day, plays as a central defender. He echoed his teammate, Melokuhle’s sentiments stating that he is privileged to be trained by someone who played for giants Sundowns and Moroka Swallows. “I want to play football professionally so that I can feed my family and also take care of my community,” said Ndlovu. “I know my travels and sacrifices of coming here will bear fruit in the end because our coach gives everything we need. “Things that will build us to be good human beings, and how to take care of ourselves when we become professionals.”  AK-47 made his name when he was loaned out by Sundowns to now-defunct Dynamos. He formed a deadly combination with Ntokozo Sikhakhane to see the then Giyani club gain promotion in 2001-02. He was soon recalled by Sundowns.He went on to spend four seasons with the Tshwane giants, winning the League title in the 2005-06 season. He was named Castle Premiership Players’ Players of the year in 2004-05. He also won the Nedbank Cup trophy with Moroka Swallows in 2009 before retiring a year later.