STELLENBOSCH FC goalkeeper Lee Langeveldt has given his coach Steve Barker a selection poser ahead of their second meeting with Orlando Pirates. Langeveldt, who was a key member of the Stellies team that earned promotion to the land of milk and honey, showed that he is good enough to succeed at this level in their Telkom Knockout last-16 clash against Bucs on Saturday. Although he could not prevent the Cape Winelands team from being booted out of the Z’khipha More Goals following their 1-0 defeat, it could have been a much heavier scoreline if it wasn’t for Langeveldt’s heroics. Despite looking a bit overweight for his position, Langeveldt raised his hand for a starting berth when these two sides resume their battle – this time in the Absa Premiership at the Cape Town Stadium on Saturday (3pm). Barker now has to decide whether to reinstall Boy de Jong, who has been his preferred stopper in the league or continue with Langerveldt after his man-of-the-match performance against a star-studded Bucs attack. “I was happy for Lee who pulled off a stunning performance, but I had no doubt that he would be competent in goal,” said Barker. “He is a competent keeper. It was nice to see him come back with that kind of performance after not playing for so long. I’m very pleased with how he did. “I was also pleased with how the other players who don’t play regularly fared. Maybe I can also be like other coaches and have selection posers. “I requested that they give me headaches. I told them I want to have selection posers after this match. And that’s what it should be, a tough environment where everyone is fighting for their place.” Barker, though, was criticised for his decision not to field his strongest team against Bucs as he chose to prioritise the league over the cup. But the former University of Pretoria and AmaZulu mentor stuck to his guns, saying: “Sometimes in the position that we are in, certain decisions need to be made and hopefully we will reap the rewards down the line. “It’s not to say we did not come here to try and win the game. I think it was clear for everybody who was watching that we gave everything to get a win. “But our priority is the league and it will begin to get really intense in the coming weeks, where we will be playing constantly. “I need to know what the other players are capable of doing when we get into the real battles that matter for us as a club this season.”