SOUTH African Under-23 national coach David Notoane is disappointed that his side will face Egypt in an international friendly without his key strikers Lyle Foster and Liam Jordan. His side will depart for Egypt today to play two friendlies against the Africa Nations Cup host country on Friday and Sunday in Cairo, in a bid to acclimatise prior to the start of tournament next month. South Africa face neighbours Zambia in their opening Group B match on 7 November. They will then meet defending champions Nigeria three days later, and will wrap up their group with a date against Ivory Coast. Notoane told the media during training in Joburg yesterday that Foster and Jordan’s clubs Cercle Brugge FC in Belgium and Koge FC in Denmark refused to release the players citing late call-up letters. The fact that Afcon fall outside the Fifa calendar makes it difficult for Safa to force the clubs to release the duo. “Liam and Lyle, unfortunately, their clubs couldn’t release them. Call-ups went late due to challenges as we had to wait for draw. Those are challenges which come up when calendar is not properly synchronised.” As if that was not enough, Notoane is unsure whether SuperSport United will release Sipho Mbule or Teboho Mokoena for the friendlies. “We lost Athenkosi Dlala who picked up a knee injury. We are taking precaution we left him out of the team. We are engaging with SuperSport United and I am hoping we will get Sipho or Teboho. “I am sure we will take one of the two tomorrow to fill Dlala’s position.” Notoane also revealed that budget issues made it difficult to travel with all players he wants. “My wish is to have 40 players going to Egypt. But the price tag didn’t match my budget, so with budget limitations we had to make decisions around who do we take and for what reasons. Some of these players and foreign based players are key to their teams, so we negotiate with their teams that are you gonna have them ten days before the tournament or not? “What if not, then you need answers. Experience tells me the so-called key players arrive in the tournament three or four days prior to tournament. I hope we have enough players to put together for first game.”