BAFANA Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki, along with the rest of Mzansi, were pleased to hear their most prized asset, Percy Tau, could be available to play a part against Mali. Ntseki must have had his heart in his mouth when Tau limped off early during his Belgian outfit Club Brugge’s last match before the international break. And for the past few days, Tau’s participation in the 2019 Nelson Mandela Challenge encounter against The Eagles  to be played at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Sunday (3pm), has been in doubt. The 24-year-old only arrived in camp on Tuesday and his first stop was the doctor’s room as he had to undergo a few assessments. But much to the delight of many, it has been revealed that his injury wasn’t as serious as initially feared. Bafana team doctor, Thulani Ngwenya, revealed yesterday that Tau would be fit enough to start training with his teammates. “Percy is here in camp, and we have assessed him. He will be able to start training with the team,” confirmed Ngwenya. Ntseki must be jumping up and down shouting, “bring on Mali”, as his number one troublemaker is ready to hit the field. The Free Stater had previous revealed that he expects a confident Tau to report for camp having recently rubbed shoulders with some of the best players in the world in the Uefa Champions League. That confidence is expected to rub off on his teammates when they face the West Africans who are ranked 14 places above them in the Fifa world rankings. Beyond their clash with Mali, Ntseki will pin his hopes on Tau to inspire the team to 2021 Africa Cup of Nations qualification. Bafana begin their journey to booking a place in the continent’s flagship tournament next month against Ghana and Sudan. Ntseki said it is important for him to give as many of his players a run against Mali in order to get an idea of his best team heading into the two crucial qualifiers. “We are looking at playing about 90% of the players because we are able to make up to six substitutes in a friendly. Each one of the players has a huge chance of playing against Mali because we are building toward the Afcon qualifiers,” said Ntseki. “I have no doubt that we will need each and every one of them going forward, if they can raise their hand then they can be prepared to face Ghana and Sudan next month.” Meanwhile, Ntseki will also be pleased to learn that other players such as Eric Mathoho, Themba Zwane, Ronwen Williams, Bradley Grobler, Lebo Mothiba and Dean Furman, who had minor knocks, will also be able to resume training immediately.