LIVERPOOL forward Sadio Mane has moved to draw a line under his on-field disagreement with Mohamed Salah, insisting they have both moved on from the incident. The Senegalese player showed a rare display of emotion when he was substituted at Burnley last month, furious that his team-mate had not passed to him when he was in a better position. It led to suggestions all was not rosy between the pair but Mane dismissed that notion when asked about his relationship with the Egypt international. "Good question. I think things can happen in football," Mane said. "I felt a little bit frustrated because it is football and you want to score, to score more goals - you can see Man City score eight, six, seven. "For the team, it was really important for us to score as many goals as possible. "It can happen, he didn't see me and I was frustrated. We are really, really good friends." In order to highlight the issue was now over Mane said he was cracking jokes about it in the dressing room on Monday. "Yesterday I said, 'Gini (Wijnaldum), tell Mo why Sadio wanted to beat you in the Burnley game'," added the forward. "It is forgotten, all behind us." Mane and Salah, along with fellow forward Roberto Firmino, will lead the line at home to Red Bull Salzburg at Anfield as they look to register their first win in the defence of the Champions League. However, centre-back Joel Matip - a virtual ever-present this season - will miss out with a knock, along with Xherdan Shaqiri. "Both not available. It is not a big one (for Matip) but it is big enough. We don't want to take any risks," said manager Jurgen Klopp, who could not say at this stage whether Matip would be fit for Saturday's visit of Leicester. Goalkeeper Alisson Becker, who has been sidelined since the first match of the season with a calf injury, has a chance of making a return on Saturday, although a comeback against Manchester United after the international break looks more likely. "There are two opinions. One is Ali's opinion and the other is the medical department," said Klopp. "We have to wait, I think, so we have to see. Training is going really well but it was a serious injury and we don't want to take a chance. "Tomorrow, no chance, and then we have to see for Leicester. United game, probably 100 per cent." - SPORT24