#SalaryDepression is the hashtag
that made rounds on social media recently and it sought to break the age old
stigma of people not speaking to each other about money problems they face. Salary discussions are often a topic that
many Mzansi people avoid mainly because of the feelings of unease about
opening up about pay slips and spending habits that affect their physical and
mental wellbeing. We thought #Salarydepression
should be an everyday topic and we help each other on ways to better manage
money. How are you feeling about your
finances? Are you talking to someone, if not why? Bottom line is many feel the need
to speak out and share, which shows that Mzansi is ready to adopt new ways of
with money savvy approach to help them get the most our of their monthly
salary. Also, Francois Viviers, Executive of
Marketing and Communications at Capitec Bank said while the current
economic times are not easy, there are a number of ways to take control of your
financial life and live better. “Whether it’s cutting back on unnecessary expenses
or growing a new income stream, you don’t have to be a victim of your current
financial situation,” he said. Here Viviers shares 5 practical
tips to help better manage your money: How to make it work: Get up close and personal with your bank statement. Firstly, interrogate your monthly debit orders. Do you really need all the subscriptions you have? You may not be using those video or audio streaming services as much as you think. It’s also possible to cut back on the cost of some debit orders. For instance, if you feel you have managed your insurance policy well, call your insurer and see if they are willing to offer you a better rate.Secondly, take a look at your disposable income. Where does your money go exactly? And how can you cut back on non-essential spending? For instance, a dinner at a restaurant may set you back R150, while deciding to eat in could save you R90.Top tip:·         When cutting back on spending many people overlook the cost of their bank fees. Check your bank statement to see what you are paying. Most bundle accounts cost around R110 to R350 per month. Do you really need all the services offered in the bundle? With a pay as you transact account, such as Capitec’s Global One, you only pay for the transactions you actually do. In the last year over 7 million Capitec clients payed less than R50 per month in fees. How to make it
work: did
you know that digital banking transactions are usually more affordable than
ones that involve people or physical money? You’ll also save yourself time by
not having to travel to your nearest branch or ATM. Download your bank’s app,
register and start banking from anywhere, 24/7. Top tip: ·         Most banking apps allow you to check your balances and bank statements in real time at no extra cost – a great tool when working towards a monthly budget. How to make it
work: Your corporate 8am – 5pm salary does not need to be your only source of income. Technology is making it easier to earn an income from the additional resources you have. For instance, Airbnb lets you rent out an unused bedroom in your house and many apps exist that allow you to rent out excess storage space. Top tip: ·         Place the money you make from your side hustle into a savings plan rather than using it for everyday items such as clothing or movie tickets. The money will then earn interest and you’ll have additional money to grow your side hustle, increasing your earning ability.  How to make it
work: Not all credit costs the same. Store and credit cards often have higher interest rates than other credit. Use extra money to pay off these loans first. Consolidating your debt into a single loan with a lower interest rate is also a good way to save money. Top tip:  How to make it
work: You
worked hard to earn your money! So, make sure it’s working equally hard for
you. Most banks don’t offer clients any interest on positive balances in
transactional accounts. However, with Capitec, there’s no such thing as lazy
money as you earn from 4.75% interest on your transactional account. Top tip: 