Capitec CEO Gerrie Fourie was
quoted recently as saying that the bank plans to add over 600 new employees
over the next few months in roles that would include service consulting, coding
and data science. He noted that Capitec has and continues to struggle in their
search to find skilled employees for the roles. “It has been very challenging,”
he said in an interview with BusinessTech. “If you give me 100 skilled data
engineers, machine learning guys and IT professionals I would take them
tomorrow.”  SA tech entrepreneur Riaz Moola
says that the ICT industry is not only one of the fastest growing industries –
directly creating millions of jobs – but it is also an important enabler of
innovation and development in the country. “Within the technology sector, it’s
now vital to reduce barriers to entry in the workplace, and the most natural
way to do this is to embrace education paths outside of the norm.”  He references a recent report by
professional networking site LinkedIn in which it is detailed that the
importance of a three- or four-year degree in tech is declining.  “There
needs to be a greater focus on linking an educational offering directly with an
employer’s requirements – or at the very least, the requirements of the overall
sector. Rather than focussing on specific skills or programming languages, take
a greater look at where the gaps exist within the vast field that is known simply
as ‘coding’.  Moola states that from his
experience and discussions with recruiters and organisations, the biggest gaps
exist for Full Stack Web Developers, Backend Developers, Software Engineers and
Devops Engineers.  He points out that corporates and recruiters in South
Africa tend to overlook the importance of hiring and then further guiding and
coaching junior level developers.  “Once the skills are in place, a junior
developer is far more valuable to an organisation that has further assisted in
honing their skills in the workplace.”  “Our business was set up in direct
response to the disturbingly high drop-out rate at South African universities,
specifically with reference to computer science degrees.  Even if the
candidate has made the cut for university acceptance, the likelihood is high
that he or she will be a drop out statistic regardless.  “It was clear to
me that the tech demands from the industry were unlikely to be met and there
was a desperate need for an online course for people with limited internet
access – another unfortunate reality in South Africa.”  To deal with low bandwidth in South
Africa, Moola developed a simple online course in Python to teach students the
basics of artificial intelligence using small files, rather than the large
video’s offered by many massive open online courses. From there, the business
grew to offer additional streams such as Data Science, Web Development and
Software Engineering. HyperionDev is now the largest online coding bootcamp in
Africa.  Moola says that more than 95% of
HyperionDev have reached their career outcomes, whether it be launching their
own business or finding employment in their new career choice. 
“Organisations that we’re working with to identify gaps in employee skills
include Amazon, Nedbank, Ernst & Young, IBM, Oracle and many more.”  “It’s unrealistic to rely solely on
the legacy tertiary education provides to teach young South Africans the hugely
in-demand tech skills – and the more we focus on guiding our youth to
alternative solutions, the better for the industry and ultimately the economy
as a whole.”