A CHALLENGE has been thrown to SuperSport United players – WIN the MTN8 cup and walk away with 80 percent of the R8 million winners loot. This is the fat carrot thrown at the players by club chief executive, Stan Matthews, ahead of the weekend’s Wafa Wafa final against Highlands Park at the Orlando Stadium on Saturday at 6pm. Surely such a generous gesture, even though it is not for the first time such an offer is made, must put a smile on the faces of United’s players, walking all the way to the bank. Matthews confirmed that the players will share 80% of the loot for winning the first domestic trophy of the season. “We have a policy within the club where the players must share the money if they win a trophy,” said Matthews. “The players share 60% of the prize money and that’s one of the reasons why the club is always playing in cup finals. “In addition to that we have contractual bonuses for the players and the technical team and that we will add up to 80% for the players to take home. For us it’s not about the money it’s about the trophy and the prestige the money goes to the players.” The big news will give players an extra motivation and the drive to beat the equally dangerous Highlands side. The Tshwane giants will be playing in their third consecutive MTN8 cup final, while the Tembisa-based outfit will be making their debut in the grand finale. Highlands will be playing in a major cup final for the first time since their 3-1 defeat to Orlando Pirates in 1983. Matsatsantsa have played two cup finals in Soweto and boast a 100% record. They are going into this weekend’s cup final as the overwhelming favourites and the management are ready to reward them handsomely, if they complete the job. Matsatsantsa have won 12 trophies in the past 20 years and they are determined to add another one to their decorated trophy cabinet. Added Mathews: “We want to push the players to win this trophy. Losing is unthinkable. It will mean so much for Tembo to win the trophy in his 20th season. It’s been an unbelievable journey for him and winning will be a big milestone for us and the players.”