FOLLOWING Bafana Bafana’s 2-1 Nelson Mandela Challenge win against Mali in Port Elizabeth on Sunday, Safa president Danny Jordaan believes “you are one of the best” in the continent. This was Molefi Ntseki’s first match in charge of the national team and Jordaan has already heaped praise on the former national Under-17 head coach who took over from Stuart Baxter.  The SA football head believes the Mandela Challenge win will bring back the excitement in the country next time when Bafana play, with their next stop being against Ghana in their 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) Group C qualifier in Accra.  “You can talk about all the other sporting codes, but there is only one national team that the people of this country follow, that is Bafana Bafana,” Jordaan said on Sunday in his post match address to the players. “You don’t have to teach them to love the team, they love the team, and your performance really expressed it that they appreciate. You fought hard and (were) determined to win the match. “It was difficult but you stuck to it. You proved it yourselves that you are one of the best teams on the continent.”  According Jordaan, players must believe, “it does not matter who comes”. “You can beat Mali, you could beat Egypt. The other teams are lesser of these teams. So you are one of the best. Thanks for the effort... the Nelson Mandela Children’s Fund are very happy and also your own generosity is very important.”He however cautioned that players must not develop the attitude of being arrogant “because our fans are not arrogant”. He explains: “They are embracing people, they are warm and friendly. And your response says everything about their response. “Now you saw the Tweets, they say now Molefi Ntseki will win the World Cup – that is South Africans. You win one match then you’re the best in the world, you lose one match the you’re the worst. “South Africans have no middle ground, there is no rationale and they want to be the best, make them feel they are the best.”     