AFTER spending eight months on the sidelines due to a leg fracture and hamstring injury, no one thought Thabo Nodada would bounce back this strong. The timing of his injuries was unfortunate as he was in fine form and had been included in the Bafana Bafana squad for Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers. But the 24-year-old Cape Town City is back in action, and has made his presence felt in their 3-3 draw against Orlando Pirates at Orlando Stadium on Saturday. Actually, Nodada announced his return on his first match of the season with a stunning brace in a pulsating six goals thriller against SuperSport United at Mbombela Stadium, a fourth night ago. The diminutive midfielder was back on the scoresheet against Bucs to record his third goal this term. His coach Benni McCarthy has been full of praise for the player, saying that he has capabilities of playing in any league in the world. “I think he’s got it all that is needed to play in the big leagues,” McCarthy said as they prepare for their next PSL showdown against AmaZulu at KwaMashu’s King Zwelithini Stadium on Tuesday night (7.30pm). “It takes a lot for me to say that because not many South African players are ready for that stage. “It takes more than talent – you need the passion and play the football you’ve played in the dusty township streets. And that is this kid (Nodada). “He has played in three games this season and won the hearts of many fans. “He keeps on proving his worth in each and every game.” McCarthy added: “He is never late or miss training. He’s always goes the extra mile at training.” McCarthy went as far as comparing Nodada with France and Chelsea midfield maestro N’Golo Kante. “I make the comparison because if you take N’Golo Kante out of Chelsea then you put in Thabo Nodada, I don’t think people will spot the difference. “He’s got what it takes. Together with Percy Tau, those are the players that I know will get to Europe and stay there for a very long time. They’ve got the Lucas Radebe, Quinton Fortune, Benni McCarthy, Sibusiso Zuma and Steven Pienaar in them. These are players who went to Europe and played there for 10 years or more.”