FORMER
Kaizer Chiefs, AmaGlug-Glug and Bafana Bafana star Jabu Mahlangu was part of a panel
discussion and a Diageo initiative against alcohol abuse for footballers. Steve
Komphela, Doctor Khumalo, Gordon Igesund, Hlompho Kekana and SuperSport United
star player formed part of the panel that served to advise young players. The
Daveyton-born Mahlangu revealed shocking things that led to him no fulfilling
his potential and talent. He also warned footballers not to invest their
hard-earned money on luxury cars such as Golf GTIs and other fancy wheels. Mahlangu,
who is now a motivational speaker, TV analyst and ambassador of SuperSport
United, told his life story and opened up about his alcohol addiction, heavy
partying and the love of fast cars. “I
describe myself as a cat. I should have died a long time ago. How on earth am I
still alive to this day I don’t know. I survived two car accidents and I escaped
unscathed. You would not believe that I came out of the two cars if you have
seen them after the accident,” said a teary Mahlangu. He
even lived at Bobby Motaung’s house and later stayed with Siyabonga Nomvethe,
but all of them failed to get him toe the line. Luckily, he lived to tell the
tale and was given a second chance to turn his life around. Despite
Amakhosi’s efforts of taking him to different rehab centres across country,
Mahlangu’s career was affected. Amakhosi tried every trick in the book to try
and get him focused on his football, but he was married to the bottle and no
one could separate them. “I
bought alcohol for everyone and I had lots of friends. In 2010, during the Fifa
World Cup in South Africa, I was broke. You think that the many friends that
you keep love you, but only to find out that they there for the money. I was
broke for three years with no income. I am saying all this because I don’t want
today’s footballers to fall into the same situation.” In
a tell all speech, Mahlangu went further to warn the footballers about the
company they should keep, and they type of cars they decide to buy. Mahlangu’s
advice to modern day is invest in property instead of rushing to buy expensive
cars. He
said: “Football is a short-term career; ask me I know all about it. How do you
buy a top of the range car while you don’t even have a driver’s licence? Most
footballers buy driver’s licence, that’s why we have many accidents on the
road. Investing in property is the way to go as it will take care of you when
you hang up your boots.” 