Despite
admitting there were "a few cases" in Gauteng where the Independent
Police Investigative Directorate (IPID) didn't do proper investigations before
cases were closed, the police watchdog questioned the whistleblower's
credibility before the Portfolio Committee on Police. Earlier
this week, an exposé by Viewfinder, a new accountability journalism project,
detailed how IPID, since at least 2012, allegedly manipulated statistics by
closing or completing cases before an investigation was completed. Internal
documents, seen by News24, reveal that IPID investigators complained that they
were forced to complete or close cases without concluding a proper
investigation. These
included reports from Amar Maharaj, IPID's former ethics and risk manager, to
then IPID executive director Robert McBride after visits to IPID's provincial
offices in KwaZulu-Natal, the Northern Cape and Gauteng in 2014, in which
investigators explained how they were forced to close or complete cases before
a proper investigation was completed. There is
also a memorandum on the alleged fraudulent closure of 152 cases between April
and July 2016 in Gauteng, in which it is alleged that the usernames and
passwords of deceased IPID officials or those who were no longer employed there
were used to close cases on IPID's system. There is
also a whistleblower's report from KwaZulu-Natal, dated September 2016, about
more than 900 cases that were allegedly closed without proper investigation. Introducing
IPID's presentation on their annual report to the committee on Thursday, acting
executive director Victor Senna said he had to address the report. He said in
2012, similar allegations were taken to the Public Protector, who found they
had no merit. He said
then in 2016, the then ethics officer again made similar complaints. McBride
instructed that an investigation should be conducted, starting with Gauteng. "In
the Gauteng office they identified that there were a few incidents where cases
were prematurely closed," Senna said, without elaborating how many a
"few cases" entailed. McBride
then instructed that the investigation be extended to the other provinces. Senna said
the report is expected on October 18, when he will also share it with the
minister and the committee. He said
IPID already takes measures to prevent the premature closure or completion of
cases. Their standard operating procedures were revised, their integrity
strengthening unit goes through every case and the Auditor-General of South
Africa (AGSA) audits every docket. "So
whatever is published in the annual report, is confirmed by the AGSA," he
said. "Now
these things have again been rehashed." IPID head
of investigations Matthews Sesoko said the whistleblower had an arbitration
hearing last Friday. "So it
is not a surprise that these things are coming out again," he said. He said he
was dismissed in 2013 for "similar issues – going to the media, leaking
information, publishing misinformation about the department". He was then
reinstated when McBride was appointed as IPID head. "From
the integrity strengthening unit's investigation, in the Gauteng office, these
issues were picked up where cases were not properly investigated and then
closed," Sesoko said. He said an
employee has been dismissed, one resigned, "It
shows the department has been taking this matter seriously." He said
criminal charges of defeating the ends of justice has been laid, and they are
expecting a decision from the National Prosecuting Authority on it soon. One of
Viewfinder's findings was that on the days before the financial year-end, many
more cases would be closed than on other days. Sesoko said
this is based on a misunderstanding of IPID's processes. Committee
chairperson Tina Joemat-Pettersson said: "The trust in IPID has been
compromised." She said
the report was worrying. The
committee would engage with IPID on October 23 on the report. "Now
is the time to be totally transparent," Joemat-Pettersson said. "Open
the books. Allow yourself to be scrutinised, because your reputation has been
tarnished." She said
the committee should take the matter seriously. "We
have to instill confidence in IPID." Senna also
said IPID is at the "forefront of fighting corruption" yet they are
"grandly underfunded". He said
this meant they have been forced to close five satellite offices, it impacts on
IPID's independence and it causes low staff morale. DA MP
Andrew Whitfield said IPID was critically under-resourced, and it must be one
of the committee's focus areas. IPID
achieved a clean audit in 2018-2019 and they have met 83% of their targets,
compared to the 65% of the previous year. These
targets were not all related to closing cases. They have
referred 2 044 cases to the NPA. There have
been two instances of irregular expenditure, amounting to R1.8m in total – a
R615 000 contract with Fidelity which was awarded without following prescribed
procurement processes and the salary of an irregularly appointed analyst. DA MP Okkie
Terblanche congratulated IPID on the clean audit and the improvement in meeting
their targets. "It's
quite an achievement, keep it up." SOURCE:
NEWS24