Today, Cruz Vintage Black Vodka officially announced their on-going collaboration with the prestigious platform, South African Fashion Week, for a fifth consecutive year. Following a long-standing partnership with the 22-year-old fashion platform, Cruz Vintage Black Vodka will once again host an exclusive, star-studded opening party to kick-off the 36th season of one of the most anticipated fashion gatherings of the year. The Cruz Vintage Black SAFW Opening Party will host the who’s who of the South African fashion, media and entertainment worlds, who are set to attend this celebratory red carpet affair at an undisclosed venue in Sandton early next week.    Esteemed guests will be treated to a night of true luxury and high fashion, inspired by New York City, against the backdrop of Jozi’s skyline. The handcrafted New York vodka will serve as the perfect complement for a truly spectacular celebration of African fashion.Previous attendees of the Cruz SAFW Opening Party include Cruz Vodka brand custodian AKA, Lira, Nadia Nakai, Natasha Thabane, Lasizwe, Da-Les, Lira, Kelly Khumalo, L Tido, Blue Mbombo, Refilwe Modiselle, Omuhle Gela, Kefilwe Mabote, Lunga Shabalala, Scoop, Bontle Modiselle, Nomuzi Mabena, Katlego Sinavasan, Major League DJ’s, Jessica Nkosi and Sarah Langa to name a few."As a brand that prides itself on being at the forefront of fashion for many years, our mutual interest in strengthening and sustaining our vibrant local design culture makes this partnership with SA Fashion Week an important and highly valued one. Having had a long standing
relationship with the SAFW team, it is with great honour that we have, once
again, joined forces to deliver sophistication, glitz and glamour at the Annual
Cruz Vintage Black Opening Party. Here’s to yet another iconic
celebration of talent in our incredible local fashion industry.’
stated Cruz Vodka’s Brand Manager, Kayla Hendricks.  Celebrating twenty-two years of South African fashion, the acclaimed vodka
brand is the official pouring partner of all of the upcoming events at SAFW.  For more, follow the Cruz Vodka social media pages on Twitter and Instagram or follow the hashtag
#CruzSAFW.