KAIZER Chiefs striker Khama Billiat says they will do their best to win the Telkom Knockout as a present for their chairman Kaizer Motaung senior. The players celebrated Motaung’s 75th birthday in Naturena yesterday prior to their training session ahead of their Ziwa Mo last 16 round clash with Cape Town City at Cape Town Stadium on Saturday (3pm). Said Billiat: “I want to wish him a great day and great season. We want to give him something on the weekend without putting ourselves under pressure. “He deserves it, he has to finish the week happy and we will do our best on the pitch. We are his soldiers, we are ready to make him happy.” However, Billiat emphasised that playing without pressure could end their four year trophy drought. He went on: “I want to win trophies and I said so when I arrived here. I feel that every time it’s becoming closer, but we need to play without so much pressure because not everyone can handle it. We don’t want to lose it because we wanted it more, so we just have to be careful how we approach it. We have to work for it, they won’t come just like that. Everyone needs to think the same way. We look like we understand exactly what we need this time around.” Although, Amakhosi are playing good football which saw them occupy top spot on the Absa Premiership with 19 points from eight outings, Billiat says there are still cracks in the team. “We had people saying we are playing well, but we have a lot of challenges that we need to fix in the team before the game and are having some progress.” Billiat says he enjoys exploiting spaces behind the City defence and aims to repeat that on Saturday. “The way they play maybe gives us space to move easily. Coach Benni McCarthy is very good, he could come up with anything on the day, so we have to be ready and try to work around whatever they have. However, the speedy player says their defence will need to be alert of the danger caused by former Orlando Pirates winger Kermit Erasmus. “They have good players who are comfortable on the ball and obviously Kermit Erasmus is very good. It’s difficult to play against them when you let them keep the ball. “We will see what the coach (Ernst Middendorp) has in store for us and how we will approach the game.” Billiat hopes his combination with Leonardo Castro that saw them demolish their former club Mamelodi Sundowns (4-2) in the Shell Ultra Helix Cup will continue to flourish. “Castro is a great player, he gets in spaces, always aware of his surroundings and it’s easy to run with him. He is good in the air and it helps. We need him, he has been working hard and guys are supporting him, we are just happy he scored goals. “We both like to score goals and that gives us confidence to be at our best. I always work hard to challenge myself and get better than the last game to see how far I can go. We all need to work hard.”