THERE has been some positive news on the injury front from the Bafana Bafana camp... for a change. The Bafana camp has been ravaged by injuries this week with coach Molefi Ntseki forced to withdraw a few players. Bongani Zungu was the latest casualty, replaced by Highlands Park’s Mothobi Mvala. Before Zungu, Thamsanqa Mkhize and Brendon Petersen were also released with their places taken by Tshepo Rikhotso and Ricardo Goos. However, on Tuesday, Bafana team doctor, Thulani Ngwenya, gave an injury update that was more positive than the first one earlier this week. Ngwenya revealed that Tau would resume training with the team having shown positives signs with his recovery from an injury suffered with his Belgian outfit Club Brigge on Sunday. He now looks likely to play a part in Bafana’s Nelson Mandela Challenge clash against Mali at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Sunday (3pm). “The update that many people are waiting to hear about is about Percy Tau, he is here in camp, and we have assessed him. He will be able to start training with the team,” revealed Ngwenya. “But we will be monitoring him closely during training sessions.” Tau’s striker partner, French-based forward Lebo Mothiba, has also been in the casualty room. Mothiba, along with midfielder Dean Furman, who had a knee problem, watched from the side-lines as Bafana held their final training session at FNB Stadium yesterday. But Ngwenya is confident the duo will recover in time for the clash against The Eagles. “Lebo has had a groin strain, we are treating him and he should be able to resume training today but also under monitory,” he added. “Dean has also showed major improvement with his injury, he is finishing his last course of treatment today and should resume training tomorrow.” Ngwenya said the other players like Eric Mathoho, Themba Zwane, Ronwen Williams and Bradley Grobler, who had minor knocks, were given the green light to train fully with the rest of the team. “But we will also be monitoring them,” said Ngwenya. 