CONSISTENCY is the only key! And this is something that Kaizer Chiefs must maintain if they are to win the 2019-20 Absa Premiership title. Amakhosi legend and former captain Patrick Mabedi says he is impressed by his ex-club’s form, who are running riot in the league, winning everything on offer under coach Ernst Middendorp. The current Soweto giants are a much improved outfit this season. They had gone three straight seasons without winning anything under then coach Steve Komphela. Now they look promising leading the PSL table with 19 points from eight matches. They have been pitted against their traditional kasi rivals Orlando Pirates in the Telkom Knockout quarter-final set for next weekend. “Chiefs players must do themselves a favour and understand their coach, Middendorp,” said the former Malawian international. “They have adapted well to his style of coaching, and they play better than last year. There is also the fighting spirit in the team. All their players want to fight for the team. “You can see it when they make a substitution. The player who comes in will fight more. “So it shows that they have jelled well together and want to win something for this club. So I see them going far. But they need to be consistent.” He said the current crop of the Naturena lads reminds him of Pirates of a few years ago who never gave up. “This season Chiefs are doing the same,” added Mabedi who was fired by Black Leopards as assistant coach last month. He rose to fame when he won two PSL titles with Chiefs in the 2003-04 and 2004-05 seasons after he formed a good partnership at the back with Fabian McCarthy under the late coach Ted Dumitru. Mabedi also lifted many cup competitions with the Soweto giants. The last time Chiefs won a PSL title was in the 2014-15 season under former Bafana Bafana head coach Stuart Baxter. On his career moving forward, Mabedi says he will soon be back on the touchline with a credible team. Chiefs face rivals and defending PSL champions Mamelodi Sundowns in their next league encounter at Loftus Versfeld Stadium on Sunday (3:30pm).