UNDER pressure Polokwane City head coach Zlatko Krmpotic could be sacked before the end of this week following a string of poor results. Rise and Shine’s form lately has been dismal as they suffered three successive defeats in all competitions. They lost to Highlands Park and Stellenbosch in the Absa Premiership and were booted out of the Telkom Knockout by Golden Arrows at the weekend. And this 1-0 loss to Arrows could be the last straw for Krmpotic. The last time City tasted a victory was last month when they beat SuperSport United 3-1 in a league encounter. However, the under fire Serbian born mentor who joined City this season told SunSport that he is not afraid to lose his job. “I am feeling pressure and it’s normal in football if the team is not doing well,” said Krmpotic. “I have been in football for a while and I know things happen when you are not doing well. You can’t win all the games in football. And when the team is not winning games you are alone. But I’m not worried.” The City coach added: “I am not panicking as the team is doing well despite not getting results. We are out of the Telkom Knockout and now our focus must be on our league game against Arrows on Saturday. Its tough but we have to continue working hard.” A source at City said Krmpotic’s days are numbered as club owner Johnny Mogalagadi is not happy with his club’s dismal form. “The chairman is not happy at all and wants answers,” said source. “The coach could be fired this week. City started the season well and they once topped the log.” If sacked, Krmpotic will not be the first PSL coach to be shown the exit door this season. The likes of Clinton Larsen, (Chippa United), Lionel Soccoia (Black Leopards), Cavin Johnson (AmaZulu) have all been axed while Milutin Sredojevic jumped ship at Orlando Pirates to coach in Egypt earlier this season. City are currently fourth on the table with 13 point after eight matches. They are six points behind leaders Kaizer Chiefs. City travel back to Durban to face Arrows in their next league game clash at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium, the venue where they were defeated in the Knockout.