FAF du Plessis is willing to continue in his role as the Proteas captain, despite yet another embarrassing failure under his leadership. But the skipper would like to see “great personalities and characters” come through in the national cricket team as they go through a rebuilding phase. The Proteas returned home from a 3-0 series whitewash against India, a loss which has left little doubt as to the challenge South Africa face to become a formidabble Test side again. “It’s a rebuilding phase. The way forward when you’re going through real tough times like this is to start identifying characters who will drive the team forward,” Du Plessis said. “You look for personalities within the team whom you’ll see in three, four, five or six years to come and then the process starts. It’s a tough place to start right at the beginning. “Obviously in a perfect world you’d start the process somewhere in the middle by changing one or two players, and the period take a little bit shorter. “But the position we find ourselves in now with a lot of experience out of the Test team, that process will probably take a little bit longer. But it’s about identify the persons you believe are going to drive this team forward. The character is very important.” Du Plessis watched as the Proteas got bloodied by the ruthless Indians, who won by an innings and 202 runs in Ranchi in their last match. He admitted that the team is short of experience, following the departure of cavalrymen Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, JP Duminy and Imran Tahir. “It’s a very young team and how I see my journey unfolding with this team is to help that transition period,” Du Plessis added. “Graeme Smith was a successful captain for a very long time and then after him there were questions over who was going to captain the side. This period is to try and make that process a bit smoother by identifying the next leaders and captains and working with them. “When that time is right, then it will be right, but right now it’s just about that process.” It is not only the losses, but the manner of the losses that have left questions about the future of SA Test side as they head home to prepare for the four-match Test series against the touring England in December.