 Duduzane Zuma, son of former president Jacob Zuma, plans to
sue the State over his corruption case, in which charges were later
provisionally withdrawn, according to reports on Wednesday. Former deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas had claimed
that Zuma had driven him to the Guptas' Saxonwold home, where he was allegedly
offered a R600m bribe and the position of finance minister, just before
then-minister Nhlanhla Nene was removed, News24 previously reported. Jonas' claims led the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA)
to charge Zuma with corruption, but the charges were provisionally withdrawn in
the Specialised Commercial Crimes Court in Johannesburg in January. NPA spokesperson Phindi Mjonondwane told reporters at the
time that they had always been ready to prosecute. Former president Jacob Zuma's son, Duduzane, returned to the
state capture inquiry for a second day on Tuesday. However, they wanted to strengthen their case against Zuma
by waiting for the cross-examination of Jonas at the Zondo commission. 'I am not corrupt' Zuma this week testified before Deputy Chief Justice Raymond
Zondo and raised the manner in which he was detained and treated at OR Tambo
International Airport. "I am looked at as a criminal, a face of corruption, a
guy that has plundered trillions out of the country, which is not true,"
he said in testimony to the commission. "I am not corrupt. I just want to make that clear. If
you see me in the streets, just know that I am not that person." He indicated on Tuesday that he would take legal steps over
his arrest. His lawyer Rudi Krause told the Sowetan that they had sent
SAPS and the office of the National Director of Public Prosecution letters of
intent to sue on July 23, in light of Jonas not making any statement to police
and that his evidence would still probably be cross-examined. The newspaper reported that he intended suing for R1.5m. Krause added that they would also soon be sending a notice
of intent to sue the NPA for malicious prosecution in his culpable homicide
case. In July, Zuma was found not guilty of the charge of culpable
homicide in the Randburg Magistrate's Court. He was on trial after Phumzile
Dube died in February 2014, when his car crashed into a taxi in which she had
been travelling. The case was taken to court by lobby group AfriForum. Krause told Independent Media that they would issue summons
in due course and determine the total damages payable to Zuma. SOURCE: NEWS24