Kaizer Chiefs duo Leonardo Castro and Khama Billiat say they are rearing to face former side Mamelodi Sundowns in a top of the table Absa Premiership clash on Sunday. The duo came back to haunt their former side as they handed a 4-2 defeat in the Shell Helix Ultra Cup and are aiming to continue that form into a "rematch" in the league. "For me, it's an important game," Castro told the club website. "It's as important as all the other games that I have played so far this campaign. We are top of the table and we need to continue working hard. To maintain that spot, we need a good result on Sunday." Billiat added that Ernst Middendorp's side are approaching the game with the correct mindset and will go in search of a positive result. "Having played against them recently, we know they are not going to make it easy for us. We will go into the game with the right mindset not getting carried away that we beat them a few weeks ago. Right now, it requires a lot of hard work from us and we need to work on the details of the game, which will hopefully help us get the result we want," Billiat said.Castro shared that he's feeling confident after grabbing a hat-trick a fortnight ago in the exhibition match."It was a friendly game but as a striker, it's good to score goals. This helps bring your confidence levels up. I feel at this moment the whole team is playing with a high level of confidence because we know where we want to reach. We are moving in the right way," the Colombian said.Billiat agreed before adding that they are looking at the bigger picture of performing well in the league and maintaining their current standing at the top of the table."We always want to win every game no matter the circumstances. That's the culture we have in the team. When you are winning, it brings you and your fans joy. We hope we have a good run for the rest of the season. It's going to demand a lot of us. We are winning games at the moment, and we want to keep that up and it means we have to do the right things every day and, in every game.”"We need three points in every league game we play. This will put us in a better position than we were before the game. This game will not determine our destiny. We are not putting ourselves under pressure because we will have equally tough games to come. We need to collect as many points as we can in these early stages."Kick-off is at 15:30. SOURCE: SPORT24