BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic defender Tshepo Rikhotso believes underestimating struggling Chippa Untied in their Telkom Knockout clash would be a huge mistake. Phunya Sele Sele face the Chilli Boys, who haven’t been that hot so far this season, in the last-16 of the Telkom Knockout. The match will be played at the Sisa Dukashe Stadium, in the Eastern Cape tonight (7.30pm). The winner will be the last team to join the likes of Mamelodi Sundowns, Kaizer Chiefs, Orlando Pirates, SuperSport United, Highlands Park, Maritzburg United and Golden Arrows in the draw for the quarter-finals. The Chilli Boys are having a disastrous campaign so far and will be desperate for a turn in fortunes. They are yet to win a single game and have only managed to score three goals in eight matches. Rikhotso, though, insists that Chippa are still a dangerous outfit that can click into gear at any time. He doesn’t want that to be at their expense. “We won’t be taking them lightly,” revealed Rikhotso. “It is a cup game. Anything can happen in a cup game. “The log standings don’t count for anything and form goes out of the window in such games. “They only need to pull it together for one game and they will be in the next round. We can’t let that happen. “Our coach told us to be very wary of them, but we know if we play our normal game, then we should be able to progress.” Rikhotso, who recently returned from camp with Bafana Bafana, is high in confidence and will look to continue where he left off before the international break. Having been eliminated in the first round of the MTN8 by Mamelodi Sundowns earlier this season, Siwelele are eager to go far in the Ziwa More goal cup. “We spoke as a team and we want to give this one a real go,” added Rikhotso. “We have seen other teams that are not considered ‘big teams’ doing well in cup competitions and we’d also like to have a good cup run. “We owe it to our loyal supporters, our technical team and ourselves.” The last time these two sides met, the match ended in a 0-0 draw.