FOR meat lovers, typical diets seem like a drag [load up on veggies, opt for healthy fats,limit big juicy steaks and bacon, etc.So, when a diet encourages you to eat as much meat as possible, it might seem too good to be true.That’s the case with the carnivore diet – the newest eating trend that claims to help you lose weight and get healthier in the process. That’s the case with the carnivore diet – the newest eating trend that claims to help you lose weight and get healthier in the process. But before you toss your leafy greens out and stock your fridge with cuts of meat, there are a few things you need to know. What does a carnivore diet entail? People on a carnivore diet eat only meat and animal products. They avoid all plant foods.“I call this a mono-diet, which means you’re basically eating one food,” says Abby Langer, a Toronto-based dietitian and writer.“It’s meat, eggs, and coffee. Some people will eat dairy, but most believe that the lactose in milk makes it off-limits, because that’s sugar. No plant foods are allowed, which means you can’t eat any grains, nuts, seeds, beans, fruits, or vegetables.”Although there are no official guidelines in terms of macro-nutrients, most proponents of the diet seem to recommend getting the majority of calories from fat, not protein, which means choosing fattier cuts of meat.Because there’s very little information available on the diet, it also hasn’t been studied yet – meaning most of its health claims come from personal blogs and social media accounts. How much red meat should one eat per week? What about all of these claims that the carnivore diet cures chronic health problems?But again, those are all anecdotal claims—there are no actual studies on the carnivore diet, so it’s impossible to say for sure what the health effects are, good or bad.“It could be the placebo effect, but it also could just be the result of weight loss,” says Langer. “It literally has no logical explanation—it’s not based in science at all.” Langer also stresses that just because one person goes on the carnivore diet and has healthy blood vitals and reduced symptoms of a chronic condition, doesn’t mean that this will be true for everyone.“Some people can eat moresaturated fats and be okay. So, that could be a reason their blood pressure and cholesterol arewithin the healthy range,” said Langer.“ They also may have neglected to mention that they’ve lost weight, which in itself will make your pressure and cholesterol go down. They also may just be lying.” Does eating meat increase your cancer risk? “Humans can’t subsist off only meat and experience optimal health,” says Gorin.Langer also emphasises the fact that the carnivore diet could take a toll on your mental andemotional health.“You’re going to be isolating yourself from social situations, and that’s just not okay,’” she says. “Mental and physical health go hand-in-hand in terms of their impact on your health and your life.” Bottom line: If you want to lose weight or improve your health, do it through sustainable lifestyle changes. 