NETBALL SA team captain Bongiwe Msomi has described 2019 as “great year” for the sport. This comes after the Spar Ladies team reached the semi final of the 2019 Vitality World Cup in July that was held in England but narrowly lost 55-53 to Australian Diamonds. In the overall tournament, the team coached by Australian-born coach Norma Plummer finished fourth. On the back of that achievement, the Proteas have been nominated in two categories in the SA Sport Awards. “I think it has been great year if you look at the World Cup performances,”said Msomi. “The girls have been amazing. We have played with top four countries a couple of times and it didn’t go well at times. At some point the results were close matches against really professional teams. “ Then came the World Cup and 20-year plus we have been in the semi finals and we lost just two goals. So it was great year indeed.” True to Msomi’s words, netball SA, which is ranked fifth in the world, reaching the semis was the first time since 1995 World Cup showpiece. During that tournament, they lost in the final. These two categories the Spar Proteas are nominated for are Team of the Year along with 50Km Athletics, Sheep Shearing Team and also Federation of the Year, which comprises Gymnastics SA, Roller Sport SA. It was also good year for Hammersdale-born wing attack personally. She was named KZN Sport Woman of year at KZN Sport Award 2019 that was held at ICC in Durban on Saturday. On top of the award, she received a car, VW Polo TSI. The skipper, who has 104 caps for Spar Ladies, fought back the tears of joy and more so with surprise of getting a car.  Sadly her mother is ill and could not attend the ceremony. Having come from small village of Hammersdale, KZN, where this sport is far from civilisation, she said “if kids can see this achievement it can be source of motivation”. “This really means so much to me. I come from small township and I feel like there’s lot of bad things are happening,” she said. “With this award, for me it shows that we are capable from as people come from Hammersdale we can do something good.” 