PUBLIC Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane’s found former social development minister Bathabile Dlamini didn’t deliberately mislead parliament over the Sassa Cash Paymaster Services saga. ANC MAN: I POKED IN A TAVERN! She said in her analysis of the complaint, which was brought by DA member Bridget Masango, they decided to probe whether Dlamini deliberately or unintentionally misled the National Assembly when she delivered her budget speech. In her speech, Dlamini made an undertaking on behalf of Sassa to take over the management and control of the payment process, which was performed by Cash Paymaster Services from April 2017. Dlamini was then accused by the DA of violating the executive code of ethics. “We found allegations that the former minister deliberately misled parliament could not be substantiated,” she said. Mkhwebane was speaking at her offices in Tshwane yesterday as she released several reports her offices had completed investigating. In her reports, she also found that former Ipid boss Robert McBride violated the Constitution during his term. She alleged there were irregularities in recruitment processes and policies at Ipid when it was under McBride. She said the complaint of allegations of maladministration relating to the appointment of Theresa Botha as deputy director of Ipid was lodged by Ipid investigator Cedrick Nkabinde. BUSI MKHWEBANE BLAMES UCT FOR STUDENT'S DROWNING “In our findings, we found that Ipid improperly appointed Botha as deputy director,” she said. Mkhwebane said they also found that Ipid had improperly suspended Nkabinde in retaliation against his disclosure regarding alleged unethical conduct by McBride and his grievance against the alleged irregular appointment of Botha. Some of the remedial action she recommended included that, within 30 working days from the day of the report, acting executive director of Ipid Victor Senna must take disciplinary steps against all Ipid officials who were responsible for violation of the Constitution. HLAUDI: I AM NOT AN ANGEL “Within 60 working days from the date of this report, he should initiate a judicial review process as prescribed in terms of section 6 and 7 of the Promotion of Administrative Justice Act 3 of 2000 to set aside the appointment of Botha on the basis that she was irregularly appointed,” she said. Other reports she released included allegations of maladministration, tender irregularities and irregular appointments by Ekurhuleni Municipality and the complaint of alleged improper failure by the University of Cape Town to provide safety measures in the drowning of Mosimanegape “Boyz” Madiba.