SCHOOLS are supposed to be free of drugs and weapons. But yesterday, a photo of pupils sent cold shivers down the spines of social media users. A selfie showing a girl and a boy in full uniform with a 9mm pistol shocked people across Mzansi. The photo shows the boy looking relaxed and holding a pistol, which looks very old and has the serial number filed off. The school was identified as Jabulani Technical High School in Soweto. The boy’s age and what grade he was in was unclear, but according to a police source he’s believed to live at Jabulani Hostel and is a known troublemaker. “Pupils and teachers are scared of him,” said the source. There were a number of other shocking incidents of school violence in Mzansi this year. In June, Daniel Bakwela (18) was stabbed to death at Forest High School in Turffontein, Jobug. In the same month, a grade 11 pupil was stabbed during a suspected gang fight at Indwe Secondary School in Mossel Bay, Western Cape. The Gauteng education department couldn’t give the SunTeam much information about the photo, but spokesman Steve Mabona said police were investigating. “The SGB will start the necessary disciplinary processes against the boy,” he said. Provincial police spokesman Captain Kay Makhubele confirmed investigations were under way. “ The pupil has not been arrested yet, but police have located his whereabouts,” he said. “An inquiry has been opened for investigation.” Gun Free SA director Adele Kirsten said the organisation would follow up on the matter. “Only a person above the age of 21 can apply for a firearm. Under the South African Schools Act, all schools are weapons free,” she said. “Therefore, the pupil was illegally in possession of a gun.” According to the organisation, at least 25 guns were stolen or lost every day in South Africa. “It’s important to establish who the owner of the weapon is. If it belongs to an adult member of the family, that person is in trouble. “Teenagers often want to look cool, but being in possession of a firearm is risky to them and people around them.” 