So you  just got your beautiful hair done, and you feel like a princess. Your hair is shiny, smell goods and it’s so smooth you can run your fingers through. Until your gorgeous hair gets tangles. When it comes to hair, at some point your hair will tangle, but with these few helpful tips from Style Diva, you can prevent hair tangles. READ: PICS: NWU STUDENT LAUNCHES BEAUTY BRAND How to prevent tangles: -The best way to ensure you don’t have to brush out your tangles is to stop them before they even start. Brushing hair more frequently, especially before bed, is a great way to avoid tangles. Also sleeping in braids is a fantastic option to keep hair smooth and knot-free. - “Going natural and air drying hair is a good way to prevent getting damaged ends as well as doing a cool rinse before getting out of the shower to seal the cuticles. -Skip heat tools daily and simply re-styling second-day hair into a bun or braid. -Use a Detangling brush READ: HOW TO KEEP YOUR HAIR HEALTHY THIS SUMMER How to fix tangling: -Inevitably, hair will see tangles at some point. If you’re prone to knots and tangles while hair is dry, sometimes using a brush can seem like a nightmare. To remedy this, applying a serum with silicone to help tangles slip through brush bristles more easily. -Start by applying a small pea sized amount to the tangled area, brush through, and apply additional product as necessary.” -If a serum is too oily for you, a detangle is another great option. Just be sure to apply the product at the ends and work up. If you start at the top [and work down], it will become a mangled mess in the middle -If your tangles are the result of a little bit of a heavy hairspray hand, adding moisture to the hair might just be your best bet.“If my hair has too much grit from hairspray or other products, take a few drops of a light hair oil, massage it into my hair mid-shaft to ends, then gently brush through hair. -The oil helps break the product down and softens the hair. Using water or a serum to moisten hair. 