 Two Gauteng police officers who allegedly stole a bag of
cement were among several people arrested in various operations in the
province. It is alleged that the two officers, from Randfontein, were
on duty when they entered the Afri-Village business premises. "Inside the premises, they allegedly stole a bag of
cement. A security guard who confronted them at the gate was allegedly
assaulted. They are due to appear at the Randfontein Magistrate's Court on
Monday," police spokesperson Colonel Lungelo Dlamini said. Meanwhile, a third officer was arrested for reporting a fake
hijacking over the weekend. Dlamini said the constable was expected to face a perjury
charge. "Initially, he claimed that he had been shot by
suspects who attempted to hijack him. At a later stage, he was identified at
the hospital as one of the suspects who had hijacked a Toyota minibus in
Mamelodi. He was later arrested at the Pholosong Hospital where he had [admitted]
himself for treatment." He was off duty at the time of the incident. Other arrests Six other suspects, including three foreign nationals, were
also arrested during the operations and police recovered 14 firearms. In Springs, police and Department of Health officials closed
an alleged illegal dental surgery and arrested three foreign nationals. Dlamini said several exhibits, including fake dental
practitioner certificates and other equipment used at the surgery, were seized. "The owner of the surgery, who is also suspected to be
a foreign national, was not at the scene and police are looking for him,"
he said. The three people who were arrested are expected to appear in
the Springs Magistrate's Court on Monday. In Brakpan, three people were arrested for allegedly using a
vehicle, which had been fitted with blue lights, to hijack a truck near
Diepkloof, Soweto, Dlamini said the driver was blindfolded and taken to a
warehouse in Brakpan. "A swift intervention by a police task team led to the
arrest of the suspects before goods worth more than R300 000 were offloaded
from the truck. Three suspects were arrested on the scene, while two others
escaped. Police are looking for them," he said. SURCE: NEWS24