ALL eyes will be on Orlando Pirates caretaker coach Rhulani Mokwena at Makhulong Stadium on Tuesday night when they take on Highlands Park (7.30pm). Pirates fans have expressed their dissatisfaction with the club’s latest Absa Premiership and PSL cup results, as the team are dropping points at an alarming rate. Their 1-0 loss to PSL rookies Stellenbosch FC in a league match played in Cape Town at the weekend has worsened the situation. Not only the Buccaneers supporters were left shell shocked with the loss, but even Mokwena was lost for words, unable to explain what really happened. After the defeat, Mokwena said his charges will regroup and try and to fight for their position on the PSL log. Now defeat to high riding Highlands Park could put him in big trouble, not only with the fans, but boss Irvin Khoza. Bucs have won a mere two league games this season. They have lost three with drawn three in nine outings. The Soweto giants are in an unfamiliar position on the log, occupying 10th spot with nine points – only five points separate them from bottom club Chippa United. This will be a tough task for Bucs considering Highlands booted them out of the MTN8 Cup in August. However, Bucs have a better record against the Tembisa-based outfit, having beaten them 15 times compared to nine in 30 matches. A defeat could push them into the relegation dog fight and put the Pirates fans in a panic mode. On the other hand, Highlands will go into the match with their heads held up high having beaten the Chilli Boys 2-0 in a league clash at the weekend. Owen Da Gama’s coached side have continued with the form that saw them reach the MTN8 final where they lost 1-0 to SuperSport United earlier this month. They beat Black Leopards 6-5 on penalties before losing 1-0 to defending league champions Mamelodi Sundowns prior to their match with the Chilli Boys. Highlands winger Mokete Mogaila said they are ready to rub more salt into Bucs’ wound. “It won’t be an easy game, a team that come from a loss is very dangerous and they will be fighting to get three points. They were unlucky not to beat Stellenbosch since they created a lot of scoring chances. We need to be solid in defence, we can’t focus on individuals because they function well as a unit.” The speedy player said they will use home ground to their advantage. “It’s our turf, therefore we need to go all out to win the match.”