A stranger who jumped in to save a woman who was being raped
in Table View, Cape Town, says that he didn't think twice before intervening. Radius Masukume, 49, was stabbed multiple times while
fighting off two men who were allegedly raping a 45-year-old woman in a field
off Gie Road a week ago. He was lauded a hero on social media for his courage but
came off as humble when interviewed for the first time. After a week-long trial in September, Judge Mokhine Mosopa
found Nicholas Ninow guilty of rape, the possession of an illegal substance and
defeating the ends of justice. 'We have to look after women' "It's how I was raised. I am a son of a chief," he
told News24. "We have to look after women. Women raise our children
and teach them things like how to speak." Masukume, who works for himself in construction, explained
that he had been walking to a work site last Thursday when he heard the woman
screaming. "I jumped over the fence to an open space and saw two
guys raping her." He shouted at them and one of the men kicked him down. "He stabbed me in my face and head. Four times. I
kicked him and then managed to run towards the police [in the road]." The father of six children- aged six to 29 - said he was
aware that most people would have kept on walking instead of running into
danger. "I am happy to say I am recovering and am very
strong." Doctors removed stitches on his face earlier this week. Raising funds Keep the Energy, a Facebook group which focuses on
gender-based violence, posted about the incident and also set up a fundraising
page to reward him for his selflessness. Masukume said he was happy about the money and would use
some of it to keep helping other people. He worked part-time, using his building skills that he
picked up in Polokwane as a 14-year-old boy fresh from Zimbabwe. When he arrived in the country, he fell in love with a South
African woman and they built a life together, settling in Cape Town in 2001. The provincial health department's Emergency Medical
Services spokesperson Deanna Bessick confirmed that they assisted after the
attack. She said paramedics treated a man and woman for multiple
stab wounds. "The male was transported to Du Noon Community Health
Centre, and the female to Victoria Hospital," she said. It was not immediately clear what the woman's condition was. Western Cape police said that Table View police were
investigating cases of attempted murder and attempted robbery, while the
Milnerton police's Family Violence, Child Protection and Sexual Offences unit
would investigate the rape. Sergeant Noloyiso Rwexana said no one had yet been arrested. SOURCE: NEWS24