FROM A distance it looked like a kneeling sangoma dressed in traditional clothes. But when Benjamin got closer he realised it was a black dog. THE DOG WAS HUNGRY AND THIRSTY AND TIED WITH A SANGOMA CLOTH!  Benjamin Nare (71) told Daily Sun he was shocked when he found the dog tied to a tree in Winterveldt, Tshwane, yesterday morning. “I was on my way to the shop. It looked like the dog had been tied there during the night. What broke my heart was that the dog was in a bad state,” said Benjamin, a dog lover. “It was shivering, dirty and the way it was tied it looked like it was left there to die.” He called other residents to come and see what looked like a ritual dog dressed in sangoma clothing. Pockets of muthi were also tied to the sangoma cloth. He called the SPCA, whose spokesman Meshack Matlou was heartbroken by what he saw.  “It looked as if someone was doing a ritual with the dog, but I don’t think the ancestors will agree to such cruelty,” he said. “If we find the owner he might be able to let us what was happening and how the dog ended up there.” He said the dog looked neglected. READ: MEET SJAVA'S WIFE! “It seemed it hadn’t been fed or given water for days,” he said. “If people don’t want their dogs or struggle to take care of them, they should bring them to our offices. He said years ago they found a goat dressed up in ancestral clothes and had muthi all over. Sangoma Gogo Majoko said rituals using dogs were common with people who practise evil things. She said dogs were often used when people went to their sangoma and requested muthi for someone who was troubling them. “The sangoma will instruct the client to tie up a dog and do some rituals that will affect or curse the person. Sometimes those rituals do not work. It depends what people believe.” According to sangoma Humphrey Nkomo, the cloth represents death. “As soon as the dog dies the family that the curse was directed at will begin to die one by one,” he said. “The dog needs to be kept alive until we can find the family the curse was intended for.” READ: WATCH: MADALA CAUGHT MASTURBATING AT LIBRARY! He said those who touched the dog may suffer the same fate. The Traditional Healers Organisation’s gogo Sibongile Kekana said she believed the dog was used for a cleansing ritual and not witchcraft. She said some people also used chickens. “I believe that when a dog is tied to a tree with ancestral cloth, a family was doing a cleansing of a curse,” she said. ““As soon as the dog is untied the curse will leave the family. “Nothing sinister happened and people shouldn’t panic.” Leah Machabe (41) said it’s terrible that people use dogs in such a manner. “Dogs are the most loyal creatures, and for them to be treated this way was unfair,” she said.