HIGHLANDS Park striker Rodney Ramagalela has a plan that could help them overcome his former club Black Leopards. The teams will battle it out in the Telkom Knockout last 16 round at Makhulong Stadium on Sunday (3pm). The speedy player has an idea what to expect, having worked under Leopards coach Luc Eymael while he was in charge of Polokwane City. Said Ramagalela: “A tough one. Leopards have a new coach and I know a bit about him. We will have to work on what I know with the coaches based on their last league game with Mamelodi Sundowns (Leopards lost 2-1). There won’t be a huge difference when they play us. We must double our efforts and ensure we stick to tactics so that we can be on top of our game.” The 30-year-old Ramagalels said they will bring their A-game to increase their chances of reaching their second successive final, having recently lost the MTN8 cup to SuperSport United. “We need to prepare more than we did against SuperSport. There is no good time to play Leopards. “Whenever Leopards meet Highlands, it’s war. Yes, they have a good coach, but it’s up to us what we do at Makhulong and you know what happens there,” he said. “It has never been easy for any opponent and we will make it difficult for Leopards to ensure we go through to the next round.” Ramagalela is happy that their coach, Owen da Gama, has given more youth a chance to prove their worth. “What we did right in the MTN8 final was to give youngsters a chance and they did well. I believe if they continue with the same vein we stand a chance to win each game that comes our way.” Ramagalela hopes to play more games for Siyabahlaba/Siyabangena since he missed the Wafa Wafa final due to injury. He has only played four matches in all competitions since he joined Highlands from Rise and Shine before the start of the season “I am still nursing injury and that’s the reason I didn’t play in the final. I can’t say I was disappointed, I am happy with the way my team played against SuperSport, especially the youngsters. If we find ourselves in the same situation, the boys will be able to do better.”