AFTER having a year to remember, Banyana Banyana star Thembi Kgatlana is considering whether she will be staying at Chinese club Beijing Phoenix FC. The 23-year-old Kgatlana recently came back home, after Chinese Women’s Super League came to an end. Talking to SunSport, on Wednesday, she revealed that she is staying with the club unless better offers come on board. “I had a great season in China and I am considering staying there,” Kgatlana stated. “My contract with the club will expire on the 31 December, we will see what happens, I have an option to renew. “Of course, I would love to go back to China next season,” she added. “But if other clubs come it will be a great opportunity to grow my career, I am not a fussy person I am open to accepting better offers if they come.” At the beginning of the year the Mohlakeng-born striker was crowned Caf Women’s Player of the year in Dakar, Senegal. She became the second SA player to bag that accolade following veteran Noko Matlou who won it in 2008. She also won Goal of the Year with her strike she scored against Nigeria during Africa Women Cup of Nations in Ghana. Three weeks later she signed a contract with Phoenix where she played 11 games and scored six goals. In June her name went into history books when she scored the first-ever Banyana goal at the Fifa World Cup. She scored a scorcher at Stade Océane in France when Banyana lost 3-1 in their opening match against Spain. She said: “I had an amazing, great year with a lot of opportunities. I had a great season in China despite the injuries of course. Who could have known? “I played 11 games and scored six times which were great for me. What made me achieve all this was to focus on myself.” Now Kgatlana is on the verge of concluding her year with a bang by scooping two more awards. She is nominated twice at the SA Sports Awards for SA Sports Star of the Year award and the People’s Choice of the Year. Sports fanatics can vote for her in the People’s Choice Accolade by SMS Sports E, Thembi Kgatlana to 32020 SMS cost R1.50. You can vote as many times as you like.