Extremely high fire danger conditions are expected over the northern and eastern parts of the Northern Cape, Free State, North West, Gauteng, western parts of Mpumalanga, Limpopo (except in the south-east) and western part of KwaZulu-Natal, the SA Weather Service has cautioned. The weather service also warned that gale force south-westerly winds of 65km/h could be expected between Tsitsikama and Coffee Bay in the afternoon. Special weather advisories A heat wave with persistently high temperatures is expected over Gauteng, Mpumalanga, the northern parts of Free State, North West and western parts of KwaZulu-Natal until at least Monday as well as until Tuesday over the south-western Bushveld of Limpopo. The weather in your region Gauteng will be fine in the morning, otherwise partly cloudy and hot but very hot in the north. The expected UVB sunburn index is low. Mpumalanga is expected to be fine and hot but extremely hot in places over the Lowveld, becoming partly cloudy in the afternoon with isolated showers and thundershowers over the Highveld and evening drizzle over the escarpment. Limpopo will be fine and hot but extremely hot in the Lowveld, the Limpopo Valley and places over the western Bushveld. It will become partly cloudy from the afternoon. The North West will also be fine and hot to very hot, while the Free State will be fine and warm to hot. The Northern Cape will see morning fog along the north coast, where it will be cool. It will be cloudy in the west and south-west at first, otherwise partly cloudy and warm to hot, becoming fine from late morning. The wind along the coast will be moderate south-easterly, becoming fresh to strong from the afternoon. The Western Cape will be cloudy and cool with isolated showers and rain over the south coast and adjacent interior, becoming partly cloudy over the interior in the afternoon. It will be warm over the West Coast district, where it will become fine from afternoon. The wind along the coast will be moderate to fresh south-westerly to southerly, becoming south-easterly over the south-western parts from late afternoon, spreading south-eastwards. The expected UVB sunburn index will be high The Eastern Cape will be cold in places, otherwise cloudy and cool with isolated showers and rain but scattered along the coast. It will be windy along the coast east of Plettenberg Bay. The wind along the coast will be moderate to fresh south-westerly, becoming strong to gale by mid-morning. It will also be windy along the coast in places south of Coffee Bay, otherwise cloudy and cool with isolated showers and rain but scattered along the coast and over the north-eastern parts. The wind along the coast will be moderate to fresh south-westerly, becoming strong to gale from late morning. Kwazulu-Natal will be partly cloudy and cool but warm to hot in the north where it will be fine. It will become cloudy from the south in the afternoon with isolated showers and thundershowers. The wind along the coast will be moderate to fresh southerly to south-westerly becoming strong in the south by evening. The expected UVB sunburn index is high.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/mondays-weather-heat-wave-and-fire-danger-20191020