The
Department of Correctional Services (DCS) will assess whether convicted rapist
Nicholas Ninow is a risk to himself after statements about suicide were made
during his pre-sentencing proceedings last week. The Gauteng
High Court in Pretoria sentenced him to life in prison for the rape of a
7-year-old girl in the bathroom of a Dros restaurant in 2018. He was also
found guilty of defeating the ends of justice and the possession of an illegal
substance. Judge
Mokhine Mosopa sentenced him to five years behind bars for each of these and
one five-year term was ordered to run concurrently with the life sentence. Convicted
rapist Nicholas Ninow took the stand on Wednesday, as he testified in
mitigation of sentence. This is after he was found guilty of raping a
7-year-old girl in the bathroom of a Dros restaurant in Pretoria in 2018. During
pre-sentencing proceedings, Ninow, who took the stand to testify in mitigation
of his sentence, made several references to wanting to commit suicide and also
mentioned it in a poem he wrote for the victim. Psychologist
Marina Genis, who also gave evidence in mitigation of sentence, told the court
that Ninow explicitly said he would kill himself if he was given a life
sentence. Genis
testified that Ninow had tried to commit suicide on three occasions before he
was arrested in September 2018. DCS
spokesperson Singabakho Nxumalo told News24 that they would sit down with Ninow
to establish if he was a risk to himself. "Like
other inmates, he will be monitored as the first few days after arrest or
sentencing are psychologically challenging in a correctional facility,"
Nxumalo added. Ninow, who
officially started serving his life sentence on Thursday, now becomes a
sentenced inmate and will be assessed in his first 21 days. "The
needs-based assessment is conducted by various specialists and that process
will include, amongst others, psychological, medical and security aspects. This
process is not only about the inmate's healthcare needs, but the information
gathered during this process assists in the compilation of a correctional
sentence plan," Nxumalo said. "This
will detail the type of correctional programmes that will assist in correcting
the offending behaviour. It will also cover some of the areas that could be
challenging the inmate. Rehabilitation programmes that will be part of the
sentence plan will strive to arm the inmate with the requisite skills and
knowledge that will assist him post incarceration." Nxumalo
said because Ninow was given a life sentence he automatically became a maximum
offender. However, a security classification will still be conducted. This will
determine an appropriate correctional facility in which to house Ninow. Ninow's
drug use in prison to be investigated Ninow also
made a shock admission that his drug use continued after he was arrested and
imprisoned. He has been
an awaiting-trail prisoner at Kgosi Mampuru prison in Tshwane since his arrest. "When
you are in that cell, there are drugs all around. There are drugs everywhere in
prison. There is no rehabilitation in prison." Nxumalo
said Ninow's allegations would be investigated. "It
must be investigated when he accessed drugs, from where and the identification
of whoever may have been involved. "Drugs
are classified as a contraband and not allowed inside our centres. Hence, you
must be charged criminally should you have them in your possession,"
Nxumalo said. "An
investigator will have to be appointed to look into what Ninow has said in
court. It is a serious issue for the department and we will follow it through
in order to ensure that whoever is involved in the smuggling is identified and
dealt with through the criminal justice system." Nxumalo
also said Ninow was in a communal cell. Previously,
he said Ninow was kept in a single cell, separate from the general population. SOURCE:
NEWS24