ATHLETICS SA (ASA) are still licking their wounds following the team’s dismal performance at the IAAF World Championships in Doha, Qatar two weeks ago. To put it bluntly, athletics in Mzansi is in crises. There are no excuses for the mediocrity that was showcased at the biennial world event in the Middle East. It’s time for action and that’s the direction ASA is taking. It was a busy weekend foroutspoken ASA president Aleck Skhosana and his board, as they engaged in a series of meetings to map a way forward ahead of the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan. Skhosana was given an official technical report of how the team fared in Qatar – the home of the 2022 Fifa World Cup finals. He then met with the ASA board to discuss a strategy if they are to avoid another catastrophe ahead of the biggest global competition in the world. Although Skhosana was cagey with the details, he agreed on a couple of issues. He told SunSport that ASA had sent out the best possible team to Doha at the time. He agreed the performance at the biggest event on the athletics calendar was nothing short of a disappointment. An honest Skhosana, who was an athlete in his heydays, said: “Yes, we sent the best team to Doha, but it didn’t bring us medals. Championships aren’t about the best times, they’re about medals and we didn’t achieve that,” he said. “We’ll find the way forward on how we’ll prepare the team for the next big challenge [Japan]. “We’ll then make the report public after everyone concerned has seen it. “Apart from agreeing that I’m unhappy and that the team didn’t do well, I can’t share my personal thoughts. The matter is now with the board.” ASA will host the 2020 SA Senior Track and Field Championships at a venue still to be decided in April. But an insider at ASA, said that the board also tackled an issue of Olympic silver medallist and former world champion Luvo Manyonga, who does not have a coach. Said the source: “It’s not acceptable that a world leading athlete like him has no coach. He was tired at the world champs and didn’t appear upset to have surrendered his world title. Athletics is in crises in this country and have to sort a few issues out.”