KAIZER Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp is blaming himself for Itumeleng Khune’s injury. Middendorp said he succumbed to pressure from the public to play Khune in their 1-0 victory over Baroka FC in the Absa Premiership at FNB Stadium on Saturday. In doing so, this has come back to bite him. Khune picked up a groin strain and was replaced by Daniel Akpeyi in goal in the 28th minute. According to Middendorp, his gut feeling told him not to use his skipper but he went against it. This was Khune’s second league match, his 257th in 13 PSL seasons, after playing his first against AmaZulu last Tuesday in Durban having overcome the shoulder injury he suffered last year December. It is highly unlikely that he will feature against Golden Arrows at FNB Stadium tomorrow night. “If I raise my hands and say (Khune is not fit), they (fans) could chase me out of the stadium before we start the game,” said Middendorp. “Now I really could kick myself. Khune was not ready to play two games on the bounce. The fact is Itu Khune has not played for the last eight months. “It was a very intense game he played against AmaZulu and three days later another intense game. I was aware this could happen (that Khune breaks down), it was too much. “But I didn’t want to be chased out of the stadium. But it is too early to say what the injury is that he picked up.” Khune’s replacement, Akpeyi was brilliant by pulling off a number of good saves to deny Baroka and more so in the dying minutes of the game as the visitors were piling on the pressure to salvage a draw. The Nigerian international was signed from Chippa United in the January transfer window to block the hole left by Khune’s shoulder injury. Akpeyi though didn’t disappoint and went on to claim the Man of the Match award for his outstanding saves. Middendorp was appalled by people who don’t understand the qualities that Akpeyi possesses. Sadly, despite looking to have put his problems in the past of late, Akpeyi was not called up by his country in last month’s international break and again is also missing in the Super Eagles’ squad for the upcoming international break. “If there’s anybody who is doubting Akpeyi’s qualities, I must say I can’t help,” revealed Middendorp. “I absolutely can’t help. If somebody deserves to play over the last nine months (when Khune was out) it is Akpeyi. He has been outstanding for us.”