WITH the crime statistics so high in Mzansi, SunWellbeing took to the streets to ask citizens if they think they are safe. Jaconiah Mosololi (63) from Pimville and Molefi Seemela (51) from Diepkloof in Soweto, said crime levels would never be reduced if cops don’t patrol, especially at night. They cited areas like Maponya and Bara malls as hot spots. Tebello Makuka (42) from Vosloorus, in Ekurhuleni, said he was now scared of being in the streets at night. “I knock out late at work and get home past eight every day. “Nothing has happened to me yet but I’m scared, since I read in the news that there are people who roam the streets in a Toyota Quantum, robbing, raping and killing,” he said. Nthabiseng Maseko (27) from Kagiso, on the West Rand, said she was almost killed in June after two men attacked her at gunpoint. Luckily, she had money and the thugs took the money and left her unharmed. Moeketsi Morake (47) from Pimville Zone 3, in Soweto, said cops were doing their best to stop crime but can’t do it without the community’s support. Lerato Dhlamini (34), from Naledi in Soweto, said some street sellers were tsotsis.“They come in people’s houses pretending to be sellers while they know they are after something. “They check what you have in your house and later come back to rob you.” To help stop crime in Mzansi, insurance company Momentum has introduced a new Safety Alert app. Momentum’s Etienne du Toit said their innovative emergency panic button is yet another safety offering aimed at provides their clients with peace of mind. “Our safety journey started when we introduced Safety Score in 2015 and was enhanced with the launch of Safe Dayz in 2017.” The app is free of charge to all car and home insurance policyholders for a limited period of time until August 2020. and the app is linked to 1 500 armed responders throughout Mzansi. “People with smartphones can activate the Safety Alert app,” he said. “Users must ensure their location setting is active when initiating the Safety Alert on their smartphones. “Once the Safety Alert button has been activated, the nearest armed response unit will be dispatched to support clients in whatever emergencies they’re experiencing.”