A COUNCILLOR and ward committee member discussed kasi issues in a very unique way. Instead of talking, the two poked and the whole incident was caught on camera. The sex took place in a beautiful tavern in the Vaal, south of Joburg. Daily Sun couldn’t establish its name and location. ANC councillor Lawrence Seloane is seen getting humped by ward committee member Tshepiso Maloka. In some parts of the video, Seloane can be heard saying: “Ayeye! Etsa wena!” (Do me), while the woman looks back and smiles. The video has caused an uproar in the kasi of Sebokeng, but Selloane wasn’t bothered. He released a statement on Facebook moments after his “performance” hit the internet. “If there is anyone who thinks I owe them an explanation for video footage that was taken (from a lost or stolen phone) some time ago, and is making the rounds, involving myself and a female colleague, such person o hambe wrong-o!” he said. “If this was meant to dampen my spirit as both a person and councillor, Aowa! I’m still standing as a tried-and-tested product of the ANC Youth League. “Neither one of us has or will commit suicide for something as natural as consensual sexual intercourse.” Emfuleni municipal speaker Maipato Tsokolibane said: “These are adults in their private space. If they were kids, we’d condemn it. We don’t know how the video was created. You might find the two were dating and someone is trying to destroy someone.” Tsokolibane did say they had a councillors’ code of conduct. “I understand the woman is a ward committee member. We also have a code of conduct for them. We’re going to investigate further,” she said. Municipal spokesman Stanley Gaba said: “The ethics committee and office of the speaker are investigating the matter and will subsequently advise council on a way forward.” DA Emfuleni chief whip Teboho Tlokwe said: “Much as this looks like two consenting adults, he was supposed to keep his private life private. The councillor showed disregard and disrespect for our code of conduct as councillors.” The SunTeam tried to contact Seloane and Maloka, but they had not responded at the time of going to print. ANC national spokesman Pule Mabe’s phone rang unanswered.