THE time that Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane has been waiting for, has finally arrived. Mosimane is still hurting from losing 4-2 to Kaizer Chiefs in a friendly game a fortnight ago. While the Brazilians lost that game in the Shell Helix Ultra Cup during the Fifa international break, Mosimane couldn’t hide the pain. He made it clear there is no such a thing called a friendly game between Chiefs and Sundowns. Amakhosi will make the short trip to the capital to face the Tshwane giants in a pick of the Absa Premiership round of matches at Loftus Versfeld today (3.30pm). At the time of the embarrassing defeat at the FNB Stadium, this is what a vengeful Mosimane had to say: “See you in a fortnight. If you can score four, we can also score 16.” This week, Mosimane did his best to hype the eagerly-awaited game in Tshwane. One would be forgiven to think that it’s going to be a league decider, all thanks to Mosimane’s mind games. If the Brazilians win this game, they will achieve two things after what is expected to be a pulsating 90 minutes. The defending league champions will leapfrog Amakhosi to go top of the log. They will also gain a measure of revenge. Amakhosi lead the way with 19 points from eight games, while Downs trail behind them by two points with one game in hand. The fact that Mosimane is still watching the video of the Shell defeat to this day highlights his seriousness of getting revenge. Khama Billiat and Leonardo Castro came back to haunt their former team on the day, with Castro bagging the hat-trick and Billiat scoring the other goal. Said an unapologetic Mosimane: “I’m a professional. I’ve been watching the video of our Shell defeat. “I’ve also been watching Chiefs’ recent matches against Baroka, Cape Town City and Golden Arrows. “When I watched the video of them beating us, I noticed that it was a game of two halves.” Amakhosi coach Ernst Middendorp was also spotted at Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville this week when Downs edged Highlands Park 1-0 in a catch-up game. Known for his temperamental outbursts, Middendorp has uncharacteristically remained calm and has not responded to Mosimane. Instead, the German mentor’s focus is on his side. And the only thing in his mind is getting the three points on offer.