SHOWBIZ legend Lebo M is truly the head of his pride. And like any true alpha lion . . . THE SEASONED PRODUCER AND COMPOSER IS WALKING DOWN THE AISLE . . . AGAIN! And his latest fortunate lioness-to-be is Mel Ntsala. Asked for comment, Lebo’s baeconfirmed the lovebirds were indeed engaged. She also said her marriage to the manbehind the stellar soundtrack of the box office hit production, The Lion King, was around the corner. Informants told the SunTeam the musical genius (real name Lebohang Morake) is head-over-heels in love with Mel. In May the couple posted pictures of them on holiday in Paris and others on June 16 in Umhlanga beach in Durban. They also posted pictures of them attending the F1 racing in Singapore last month. And an insider said Lebo and the Lesotho-born beauty had been an item for the past two years. Said the mole: “They love each other and get along successfully. Mel adores and respects Lebo.” Another source said the couple met through a mutual friend and hit it off immediately. Insisted the informant: “Their relationship is easy and they have a lot in common.” According to the third source, Mel has met most of Lebo’s kids and gets along well with them. “One of the main reasons he loves her is that she loves his kids like they’re her own,” the source said. “She puts them first, just as she does her man.” The source said Mel complemented Lebo very well. Explained the source: “Mel hasalways been acareer-driven independent person. “She’s just as driven as Lebo.” Lebo couldn’t be reached for comment as the SunTeam’s efforts to contact him drew a blank. He was first married to Vivica Gibson for five years. After divorcing her, he found love in Nandi Ndlovu. They were married for 11 years. He then found romance in Angela Ngani-Casara after finalising his divorce with Nandi. They were married in 2008 and divorced in 2013. Lebo then got engaged to actress Zoe Mthiyane, but they never tied the knot. They split in 2016. He then remarried Angela and they divorced in 2017.