Law lecturer at Vaal University of Technology (VUT), Arvitha
Doodnath, was found dead inside her car near the Joburg Zoo in Parktown on Saturday,
in what appeared to be an attempted hijacking, EWN reported. She was a law lecturer, gender activist and Helen Suzman
Foundation (HSF) researcher, according to Times Select. Doodnath reportedly led a campaign against gender-based
violence at VUT after the killing of University of Cape Town (UCT) student
Uyinene Mrwetyana. Times Select reports the 30-year-old was on her way home
from a dancing event at the Hindu Temple in Mayfair, Johannesburg. HSF said in a statement it learnt of Doodnath's death with
"deep regret and shock". "Arvitha joined the Helen Suzman Foundation as a legal
researcher in 2015, and her passion for health policy reform quickly saw her
take over the HSF's health desk." 'Commitment to a better SA' "After three years in this position, she went on to
join the academic faculty at the Vaal University of Technology where she
lectured her students in Policing Law. Following her departure to take up her
lecturing position, she was appointed as a research fellow of the HSF. Arvitha
maintained a close relationship with the HSF and continued to attend our events
and support our work," the statement read. HSF director Francis Antonie said: "We remember Arvitha
for her unyielding passion for justice and her commitment to making a real
contribution, through her work and personal life, to a better South Africa. She
lived her life with fierce determination, compassion, and joy. It is
devastating that her life was taken from her in the manner that it was. "We wish to extend our deepest condolences to her
family and friends for this tragic loss, to whom we offer our support and
prayers. Arvitha was, and remains, an integral part of the HSF family and we
will forever remember her in this way." Several police spokespeople could not provide information on
the incident, Times Select reported. - Compiled by Riaan
Grobler SOURCE: NEWS24