A husband has chopped off the 4-5 of his wife's rapist after seeing her being attacked yards from their home. The 27-year-old husband from in Ukraine was on his way home when he saw the horrific episode in Shevchenkovo, a village in the eastern Kharkiv region. Daily Mail reports that his wife had left friends at a restaurant at around 1am and was heading to her home just 1,000ft away. She was walking near her apartment block when a 25-year-old rapist, Dmitry Ivchenko, attacked her from behind. Ivchenko covered her mouth with his hand to prevent her from screaming and dragged her into bushes, police said. The victim's husband left the party ten minutes later. When he reached their apartment block, he heard noise coming from the bushes. He came closer to find out what was going on and saw Ivchenko squeezing his wife's throat while raping her. The husband then attacked the rapist by punching him on the head before grabbing his Swiss army knife and chopping Ivchenko's 4-5 off. The husband's attorney Dmitry Spaskin said to local media: 'The husband lost the ability to control his actions. He did not understand what he was doing.' The rapist's screams and the victim's sobbing woke up all the residents in the area who rushed to the scene. Her mother immediately reported Ivchenko to the police while others called an ambulance for him.  Spaskin said: 'After the incident, [the husband] was in a state of shock and just walked away. 'He walked about 13 kilometres and reached a neighbouring village. There he met an acquaintance and asked to drive him to a police station. 'On October 13, at 7am, he handed himself into police and confessed in full.'The husband was charged with causing grievous bodily harm and put under house arrest. He said to local media: 'I cannot explain what happened to me at that moment.' The rapist was hospitalised to Shevchenko District Hospital and underwent surgery. Sergey Mitrakov, the head of the hospital's surgical unit said: 'The patient needs a long-lasting treatment.' Doctors have not speculated on the chances to reattach the penis and if the rapist will regain full functionality of the organ.