THIS month marks the beginning of National Obesity Week, which runs from 15 to 19 October. It will warn Mzansi people to watch their weight and that the bigger you get the more unhealthy you may become. The people who spoke to SunHealth informally in the streets of Mogale City were not aware that their waist size is more accurate at assessing whether one is at risk of health problems than body mass index. Ntswaki Malesela (29) from Westonaria said she has never taken her waist measurements. “To be honest, I really don’t know my body index and didn’t know that it speaks volumes about my health. And that goes for many friends of mine too,” she said. Sayi Khoza (33) from Kagiso said she only heard about body mass index when there were health activations at his workplace. “They came as part of a wellness campaign and told us your waist measurements say so much about your general health. “Since then, I’ve made sure I don’t allow my waist to get out of hand,” Sayi said. The body mass index is a person’s weight in kilograms divided by the square of the person’s height in metres (kg/m2). Generally accepted around the world, normal weight is defined as a body mass index of 18,5 – 24,9. A patient is defined as overweight if they have a body mass index between 25 and 29,9 and are obese if their body mass index is 30 and over. Many healthcare practitioners rely on the body mass index to determine obesity-related health risks in their patients. Studies show that if you have excess body fat around your waist, it can be an indicator of the level of internal fat deposits around the heart, kidneys, liver, digestive organs and pancreas. This can increase the risk of heart disease, stroke, type-2 diabetes and cancer. We visited www.ilivelite.co.za to get tips on how to measure your waist? According to the World Health Organisation and National Health and Medical Research Council recommendations, men are at risk if their waist measurement is over 94cm. In women, the waist measurement shouldn’t be over 80cm.