SHE cannot walk outside to enjoy the sunlight or even see her family and friends. If she wants to talk to her loved ones, they have to talk through the gate. This is all because Matladi Makena is a prisoner in her boss’ home! Her boss, a taxi owner, locked the 35-year-old helper in her room in his Heidelberg home because he claims she stole R50 000. And she’s been held hostage for a week. “He even took my passport and other documents to make sure I don’t run away,” said Matladi. “I didn’t take his money. I just want him to let me go.” Matladi, who’s been working for her boss for three years, said she lives in fear. “He says I must stay in my room as he has people who’ll finish me off should I dare go out in the street,” she said. Her boyfriend, Tankiso Moshata, said he was angry that the taxi boss treated his woman like a thief. “Why doesn’t he open a case if she stole from him. I want him to free my girlfriend,” he said. Matladi’s cousin Lerato Mokoena (33) said she could only talk to Matladi through the gate. “What this man is doing is wrong. He must let my cousin go,” she said. Neighbour Modiehi Mofokeng said she no longer saw Matladi sweep the yard. “I don’t want to interfere in other people’s business,” she said. But the taxi boss, Zakhele Dlamini, insisted Matladi took his money. He told Daily Sun he didn’t take all his money to the bank and put some of it among his clothes. “She ransacked my house and stole money while we were away. “She’s my helper and knows all the corners. “I noticed the money had disappeared when I took out a jacket. “She must tell me how she’s going to pay back my money. I pay her R2 800 a month and she sleeps over, yet she stole from me.” Zakhele admitted to the People’s Paper he took her documents to Heidelberg Police Station. He said he didn’t open a case as he wanted her to confess. Captain Thivhulawi Tshilate of Heidelberg Police Station said cops didn’t have the documents at the cop shop. “The woman must go to court to apply for a letter of demand to get papers from her boss,” he said. Eunice Dhladhla, general secretary of the South African Domestic Service and Allied Workers Union, said the taxi owner was violating Matladi’s rights. “He didn’t catch her red-handed and only suspects her. Why doesn’t he open a case?” asked Dhladhla. 