LIKE a good makoti, Nthabiseng prepared the perfect Sunday meal, complete with seven colours. She even added korobela as she thought it would be a meal for her and her husband. WOMAN WITH 2 PUNANIS HAS 'MIRACLE' TWINS All her plans were ruined when her babezala showed up and dished up for himself. All she could do was watch him eat. “He ate and even licked his fingers. He gave my cooking the best compliment, saying I was a true makoti,” she said. Now the babezala is crazy in love with Nthabiseng Mthembu. WOMAN GETS NEW PUNANI MADE FROM FISH SKIN She regrets what she did as her husband didn’t even eat because he had a kota after church. The 33-year-old from Daveyton in Ekurhuleni told Daily Sun the babezala started calling her a week after the incident. “My husband even asked why his father was checking up on me so much,” she said. She said the babezala then visited her while her husband was away. “He told me he loved me and asked me to leave his son. WATCH: MADALA CAUGHT MASTURBATING AT LIBRARY! He told me he couldn’t stop thinking about me,” she said. “I was so disturbed. I realised he ate the korobela that was meant for my husband.” Nthabiseng then went back to her sangoma, who told her the korobela had hit hard and she should bring him to get it out. “I called my husband and confessed everything. He was angry but understood and forgave me,” she said. Nthabiseng’s husband Isaac (39) said he begged his father to see a sangoma, but he refuses. “I even tried to trick him, but when we arrived at a sangoma’s house he ran off. “I’ve stopped him from coming to my house, but he comes anyway. We need help,” he said. Babezala Amos (63), who hasn’t had a girlfriend since his wife died seven years ago, said Nthabiseng was his wife-to-be. “Me and the makoti are meant to be. There’s nothing else I can say. I’m not removing any korobela,” he said. Sangoma Dungamanzi said: “He’s had it in his system for long so it needs more attention.” Daily Sun tried to get hold of the sangoma they consulted but couldn’t interview him.