YOU’D be in the minority of one if you were to open up debate on the national cricket team with ordinary people in the streets of Turffontein and those of Marikana. Even down in the small Brits dorpie in the Madibeng District, or in the cattle and sheep farms of Winburg and Fauresmith in the Free State. Tabling a topic on the Proteas, one might as well be risking being lifted out of the nightclub by security. And this is contrary to two decades ago, when the Proteas used to flourish and shine. Today, the Proteas are wilting like a flower under the increasing pressure of international cricket. That is the reality, and we must just accept that things have gone haywire for the Proteas. In farming, when the highly contagious viral disease of food and mouth hits a kraal, it would be risky to get rid of only the affected ones. The rest of the cattle must either be tested and or entirely put down. This is what CSA director Corrie van Zyl and CEO Thabang Moroe tried to do with the Proteas coaching staff. But the plan appears to have backfired, seeing as the team is being wiped out by India in the three-match Test series. The two defeats they’ve suffered so far are so embarrassing that farmers are not even prepared to talk cricket anymore at their weekend hang-out spots. Even the aspiring cricket youth ekasi have stopped following the Proteas with the passion of yesteryear like they did during the times of Makhaya Ntini and Herschel Gibbs. drew the black populace to the game seen mostly as a white sport, despite the country’s new political dispensation. This is worse than Eskom, who are failing to keep the lights on. The best way of initiating a post-World Cup clean-up was to start right at the very top and change the CSA. Proteas skipper Faf du Plessis has been bearing the brunt. I’m sure pressure will continue mounting on the team, especially after the thumping they look set to receive at the hands of the unforgiving Indians in the ongoing final Test in Ranchi. You see, the football tradition of getting rid of the coach whenever the team falters, as has been applied by CSA, does not apply in cricket but also those office bearers. Players such as Kagiso Rabada and many other talented stars now look ordinary against their international peers. Gone are the days when the likes of Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, AB de Villiers, Ntini, Graeme Smith, Jacques Kallis and Morne Morkel, to mention but a few, were the pride of the nation. Whether South Africans, young and old, will stomach seeing this team plummet to the state they were back in 2006, is a subject for another day. CSA should also reconsider their position with regard to the contracting of players., lest many others follow the path of Kyle Abbott and walk out of the Proteas for better salaries elsewhere.