MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane insists they have nothing to fear heading into their match with Kaizer Chiefs because they are "superior" to the Soweto giants. The two title rivals will lock horns in the Absa Premiership at Loftus Versfeld on Sunday (3.30). The build-up to the match has been dominated by mind games played by both coaches – suggesting a cracking encounter is in store. Mosimane has been dishing out most of the pre-match back-and-forth between himself and Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp. He once again pulled no punches when he suggested his side are superior to Amakhosi, especially in recent history. And the stats suggest Mosimane could have a point. Downs have won six domestic titles as well as the Caf Champions League in the last seven years. Meanwhile, Chiefs have only managed to win four domestic titles and are still searching for that elusive continental title. Speaking to the media on the lead up to their titanic clash, Mosimane said they are not scared of their title rivals. “If you have eleven players on the field, three subs, you are playing at home and you have your supporters behind you, what else do you need?” Mosimane asked. “We also have the record of winning nine titles, you know, I mean really, nine. You look at your opponents and compare. You say okay ‘what have you done, what is the history for the last seven years?’ “Those things are motivational things that we should know. We should know that no man, we are not inferior. In fact, we are superior to be honest if you look at those facts. "Okay, they have supporters from the 1980s when they were doing really well. We all know their history and they have done well for it, that’s why they are where they are. “But we need to give them respect and we will give them respect. Don’t worry about Middendorp because he is having a go at me so I have to give him back. It’s not about Kaizer Chiefs, I respect the brand. We are hyping the game, it’s good. But at the end of the day I can also look back and say ‘just check what you have done, do you really want to be wrestling in the mud?’” 