MANY might feel former Kaizer Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns goalkeeper, Thela Ngobeni, wasted his time and talent being a bench player for the two giants. The man himself, though, begs to differ. Ngobeni, who has found a home at Highlands Park, insists he has no regrets about his time in Naturena and Chloorkop. The Katlehong-born keeper broke into the PSL 10 years ago with Chiefs at the tender age of 20, but has gone on to make only 45 appearances in all competitions since then. Nevertheless, Ngobeni would not have had it any other way as he believes the frustrating period taught him valuable lessons. “It’s my journey, that’s the story of my career,” said the soft spoken Ngobeni. “I only got to play at a later stage. It’s okay. As a keeper, I can play until the age of 40 or even 45 if I want to, so there is still a long way to go. “I think, I’m a very patient individual. I hardly complain but more than anything, I have learned to understand that not everything goes according to your plans. “Sometimes there is a higher power, which is God, he had the big picture. You never know what he has planned for me in the next ten years.” He urged young players coming up to learn from his story, be patient and trust the process. “You have to remain humble, stay positive, stay focused and anything is possible” added Ngobeni. “Don’t ever look down on yourself and feel like you don’t deserve to be where you are. You just need to learn to manoeuvre your way through that difficult period. There is always a positive outcome at the end.” Ngobeni is playing more consistently this season at Highlands under coach Owen Da Gama. He has made eight appearances in all competitions so far for the Tembisa outfit. The MTN8 final against SuperSport United, which they lost 1-0 at Orlando Stadium this past weekend, was the second final of his career. He helped Free State Stars win the Nedbank Cup in 2018. “I’m enjoying this period in my career where I am playing consistently,” admitted Ngobeni. “I’m grateful for the opportunity that the technical team are giving me, it is such a great space to be at this point in my career. I’m very happy with the way things are happening now and I’ll always try to give my best. “I have played two finals, I think that’s very special and it motivates me as an individual because you can’t buy this experience of playing in the final.”