SEVERAL Mali players, including Moussa Marega and Yves Bissouma will reportedly miss the West Africans' encounter with Bafana Bafana in Port Elizabeth. According to Goal.com, Mali released a weakened 16-man squad to face South Africa at the Nelson Mandela Stadium in Port Elizabeth on Sunday at 3pm. Mohamed Magassouba initially named a squad of 25 players to face Bafana Bafana, but now has to deal with a plethora of withdrawals. Abdoulaye Diaby (Sporting Lisbon‚ Portugal)‚ Moussa Djenepo (Southampton‚ England), Moussa Doumbia and Kalifa Coulibaly of Stade Reims and Nantes, respectively, are set to miss out. However, the biggest withdrawals are Porto striker Moussa Marega and Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Yves Bissouma. Both players will not feature in the encounter that is to serve as preparation for the start of the Eagles’ Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers which begins against Guinea in November. Also included in Group A are Namibia and Liberia or Chad. In the weakened squad are RB Leipzig’s Amadou Haidara and Sekou Koita of Reb Bull Salzburg‚ who should give the side a bit of quality and experience. Magassouba has named two potential debutants in Mohamed Camara and Cheik-Omar Traore. The former is a U-20 World Cup star, while the latter represents Racing Lens in Ligue 2. The expectation is for the Eagles' tactician to add a couple of names to the side before Sunday’s meeting with Molefi Ntseki’s troops. Meanwhile, Ntseki has almost all the players that he has called for this friendly, bar Bongani Zungu who has been ruled out due to injury. The good news is that Club Brugge star, Percy Tau, has been allowed to start training following a threat that he could miss the match due to injury. However, there are several payers that is his medical team are still assessing following threats of minor injuries, including workaholic SuperSport United captain Dean Furman. The encounter will be held at the 46,000-seater Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium. MALI SQUAD: Goalkeepers: Djigui Diarra (Stade Malien)‚ Adama Keita (Djoliba) Defenders: Mamadou Fofana (Metz‚ France)‚ Massadio Haidara (Racing Lens‚ France)‚ Youssouf Kone (Olympique Lyonnais‚ France)‚ Kiki Kouyate (Troyes‚ France)‚ Cheik-Omar Traore (Racing Lens‚ France)‚ Molla Wague (Nantes‚ France)Midfielders: Lassana Coulibaly (Cercle Bruges‚ Belgium)‚ Cheick Doucoure (Racing Lens‚ France)‚ Amadou Haidara (RB Leipzig‚ Germany)‚ Adama Traore (Metz‚ France) Forwards: Mohamed Camara (FC Salzburg‚ Austria)‚ Ibrahim Kandia (unattached)‚ Sekou Koita (FC Salzburg‚ Austria)‚ Hadi Sacko (Denizlispor‚ Turkey)     