Women f colour have been embracing their natural hair more and more and they are being so honest with themselves. Uzalo actress, Gugu Gumede recently shared that she decided to go natural more because she no longer felt beautiful when she had no wig on. “I used to wear wigs because I just didn’t feel beautiful without them. I’m fine with my hair in it is natural state but most people would not see it as beautiful.” She told Move! “Beauty is so subjective. It is definitely a state of mind. Beauty has to be an internal thing; you cannot think beauty is someone’s stamp of approval or validation of who you are,” she said. In a recent Instagram post, she revealed that she has become the biggest of the Natural Hair product Cantu. "It’s no secret, I’m probably the biggest stan of cantu in these streets - it has changed my natural hair journey for the better in every way; so I am incredibly excited to officially share that I will be the @cantubeauty.africa ambassador for #clickscurls. I can’t wait to share all my secrets to healthy hair, as well as to hear yours. In the next few weeks, I’ll be sharing videos on the great products from Cantu, especially their new styling gels. Maybe you could even help pick a hairstyle to rock at the event? Stay tuned"  It’s no secret, I’m probably the biggest stan of cantu in these streets - it has changed my natural hair journey for the better in every way; so I am incredibly excited to officially share that I will be the @cantubeauty.africa ambassador for #clickscurls. I can’t wait to share all my secrets to healthy hair, as well as to hear yours. In the next few weeks, I’ll be sharing videos on the great products from Cantu, especially their new styling gels. Maybe you could even help pick a hairstyle to rock at the event? Stay tuned ?? #cantu #naturalhair #clickscurls A post shared by  Gugu Gumede (@itsgugugumede) on Sep 9, 2019 at 7:21am PDT  day 1: my schedule has been insane lately, so i’m opting for the easiest “get up and go” hairstyles. decided to try the new styling gels from @cantubeauty.africa. i’ll show you how the hairstyle kept up over the course of 3 days. . . ??: @indonifashionhouse A post shared by  Gugu Gumede (@itsgugugumede) on Sep 11, 2019 at 3:05am PDT   