SA Under-23 national team coach David Notoane is under no illusions about the task that lies ahead for his team. Notoane’s outfit are deep in preparation mode for the Africa U-23 Cup of Nations (Afcon) set to take place in Egypt next month. South Africa are in Group B with Zambia, Ivory Coast and defending champions Nigeria. Group A is made up of hosts Egypt, Ghana, Cameroon and Mali. The tournament will also serve as the qualifiers for the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games with the best three nations earning an automatic berth. And so far, it has not been smooth sailing for Mzansi in their preparations for the showpiece. They played to a 1-1 draw against Egypt in a practice match in the coastal city of Ismailia on Friday. On Sunday, they lost 1-0 to the same opposition in an international friendly played at the Cairo International Stadium. Notoane, though, insists they have taken some valuable lessons from their trip to Egypt and says they know what to fix before the tournament. “It was an important step we took to come here and gain some experience in terms of what we will be up against coming to here for the Afcon,” said Notoane. “From the physical point we came through very nicely, we had a few casualties with Sandile Mthethwa twisting his ankle. He is definitely out. Given Msimango has sheen splints, you know. “That then tells you that you also get the chance to see who can come back here for war, who is fragile, who is strong and who adapts to the surface. I’m very excited in that regard. “Coming to the overall camp, the results are not what we wanted but in the context of trying permutations and giving new players opportunities in positions where we need strengthening, I feel that we managed to do that very well. “The last match gave us a lot of information about the new players we brought in to see if they could fit into the side, we ticked the box there. The only box we didn’t tick was the results box but we take it with a pinch of salt. “I hope it prepares us and brings back the hunger coming into the tournament. Most importantly for me, and I told the Egyptians, I hope that the match was a prelude to the final. We are coming here to fight to go to the final of the Afcon.” 