SUPERSPORT United coach Kaitano Tembo achieved part of his mandate by helping the club to win a trophy this season. The Zimbabwean born mentor entered his 20th season at the Tshwane based-side. Matsatsantsa a Pitori gave Tembo the feeling of winning a trophy as a head coach when they defeated Highlands Park 1-0 to win the MTN8 Cup final at the Orlando Stadium. Tembo, who was dressed for the big occasion, received high fives and hugs from players and management for winning his first trophy. Matsatsantsa players and technical team will share 80% of the R8 million winner’s prize money. Deadly striker Bradley Grobler broke the Lions of the North hearts with a late first half header to help his team to defend their title. The modest coach can rest assured knowing that he has achieved part of his mandate. The Lions of the North have nothing to be ashamed off for losing the cup final. They gave Matsatsantsa a Pitori a run for their money. Owen Da Gama’s men gave it their all, but it was not meant to be. The small crowd that showed up in Soweto created an electric atmosphere. Matsatsantsa a Pitori came into this showdown with a terrific record in the cup finals played at this venue. The Tshwane giants defeated Mamelodi Sundowns 2-0 to clinch the Nedbank Cup title in 2012. In 2014, they edged Platinum Stars 3-2 in a five goal thriller to collect the Telkom Knockout trophy. They maintained their 100% record of winning all the cup finals played at Orlando Stadium by adding Wafa Wafa title. Matsatsantsa were playing in their third successive Wafa Wafa cup final and have won two and lost once in three seasons. The Lions of the North were making their debut in the top 8 cup final and it ended in tears. It was also their first major cup final in the PSL era since they lost 3-1 to Orlando Pirates in 1983. To get to this stage of the competition, Highlands overcame Polokwane City 4-3 on penalties after their two legged tie ended in a goalless draw. Matsatsantsa upset the applecart when they defeated arch-rivals Sundowns 2-0 on aggregate. The Lions of the North eliminated Pirates in the quarterfinal at the same venue and that gave them the confidence to have a memorable night. Mothobi Mvala was the only player that came close to scoring a goal when he was denied by Ronwen Williams in the SuperSport goal early in the first half. Grobler benefitted from Teboho Mokoena‘s fantastic cross to head in the opening goal in added time in the first half. Grobler bagged himself a cool R25 000 from the title sponsors for scoring a goal in the final.