SPRINGBOK captain Siya Kolisi doesn’t believe that the rust that sometimes impacts on the South African team after a Super Rugby bye will have an impact on his team’s chances of success in their World Cup quarterfinal on 20 October. There are 12 days separating Tuesday’s final Pool B match with the quarterfinal against either Japan, Ireland or Scotland at Tokyo Stadium on Sunday. For several of the anticipated team for that game there would actually have been a 16 day gap as although several of them got a late run off the bench against Canada, an alternative team started the final Pool match. That’s a long time, and Kolisi did say on the eve of the Canada game in Kobe, in explaining why he was happy to be playing again just four days after leading the side to victory against Italy in Shizuoka. He preferred to play as much as possible to sustain momentum: “At the union I play for (in Super Rugby) we often struggle after a bye, so I prefer to keep playing.” However, after the 66-7 win over Canada that confirmed the Boks place in the quarterfinals, Kolisi said a play-off game presented a different challenge and that challenge, the fact that the players would be so excited about it and therefore up for it, would negate the possible negative impacts of such a long break. “We are heading into the deciding phase of the competition now and we are very excited as a team,” said Kolisi. “We actually appreciate the extra week we have to prepare. It gives us time to look properly at the other teams. We will be watching pictures unfold and formulating what we need to do to beat whoever we play in the quarterfinal. “The thing is that from now on if you don’t pitch up you go home and we all know that. It introduces an edge. We look forward to watching the other teams play this weekend and seeing what they bring and what we will be up against.” Coach Rassie Erasmus added that from his point of view, from yesterday he will be preparing for the quarterfinal and preparing for three possible opponents. He said: “I will do my own analysis while the players are off over the next two days, and then at the weekend we will start training again and also watch the other matches together. “It will be quite exciting to watch the games together, we will make a bit of a thing of it and generate a bit of excitement around it. “Then on the Monday we will put together what we feel we learnt from the last Pool games and start using it as we go into what will be a normal Test match week. “We have been together now for 16 weeks so we know how to handle each other and how to get around any challenges relating to our preparation.” Erasmus said he still wasn’t sure which team he’d prefer to face in the quarterfinal, but noted that when it came to Japan a lot of homework had already been done. So it would Ireland, in particular, and Scotland to a lesser extent, that will grab his focus in the next two days while the players enjoy a much deserved two days off before returning to work on Saturday. Erasmus said that while it was hard to use a game against Canada as a yardstick, the 10 try to one win had advanced some of his objectives in certain areas. – SUPERSPORT