MAMELODI Sundowns are in what could be seen as a reasonable but tricky draw in their Caf Champions League Group matches, which was conducted in Cairo, Egypt on Wednesday. The Brazilians are in Group C along with U.S.M.A of Algeria; Atletico Petroloes of Angola and Morocco's Wydad Athletic Club. The 2016 champions have always emphasised that they are ready for any eventuality and their wish for a softer draw was answered. Sundowns spokesman Alex Shakoane said they are ready for the tournament and will not undermine team. "But we are ready and are very experienced when it comes to playing in Africa," Shakoane told SunSport. The Brazilians will open their Group C at home against Petroleos on the weekend of 29/30 November, followed by a visit to Morocco to meet Wydad on 6/7 December, then U.S.M.A on 27/28 December. The other group matches will resume on the weekend of 14/15 February next year where Downs will face U.S.M.A and a week later Petroloes in the second leg and conclude their group phase at home against Wydad on 6/7 March.    At the same glittering function attended by club officials and African football administrators, GLADAfrica Championship side, TS Galaxy have been thrown into the deep end after being drawn against Nigerian side Enyimba in the second Preliminary round of the Caf Confederation Cu. Bidvest Wits survived the wrath of African football when they were handed some little-known side from Mozambique, U.D do Sonto. The first leg of these ties will be played on 27 October with the second leg scheduled for 3 November. Gavin Hunt's Clever Boys negotiated their way through to this round with a 3-1 aggregate win over Eswatini minnows Young Baffaloes. Dan Malesela's Galary went through with a 4-1 overall score against CNaPS Sport of Madagascar.Caf used the system of pitting winners of the first round against losers of the Champions League first round, with the winners of the Confed Cup hosting second leg. The teams were seeded by their performances in the competition for the previous five seasons.   