JOHAN Bothma has parted ways with R100 000 as part of his apology to his victim EFF Pastor Ron Rambebu. Earlier today, Johan publicly apologised to Ron for attacking him four months ago, for wearing an EFF cap. In his apology Johan said, “I’m sorry for my actions. I’m sorry Ronald, It was unfortunate and it was a mistake.”  Following the successful mediation process, the two men Johan and Ron seem to have smoked a peace pipe as he accepted the apology by his attacker. Ron said, “I wish for him to really consider help, and accept that we live in South Africa where everyone must be accepted with their choice of association. “I think we should also mention that he has paid an amount of R100 000, I want that to be public, I don’t want any hidden thing,” Ron added.  Ron also gifted Johan with the historic EFF branded cap that led to him being beaten up. He received punches through an open window of his car. Ron said Johan told him that he is going to frame the cap.  The two walked in court together, even before the Johan was called to the stand, they were seating together with Johan wearing his EFF Cap that has been given to him by his victim. Johan was also seen taking selfies with handful of EFF members who had accompanied Rob to court, like they have been doing since the begging of the case.  On the day he was attacked, Ron said he thought he was hijacked and he tried to go out get out of the car, Johan pushed the door closed and continued to throw punches. Since both parties have agreed to settle out of court, the two charges assault and crimen injuria has been withdrawn against Johan in the Roodepoort Magistrate court. When asked why he agreed to settle out if court and accept R100 000 in compensation. Ron said he was advised to go that route because they didn’t have enough evidence on the k-word allegations. Also this year…  In June, Former Bossa COO agreed to pay R200 000 for use of the K word in a recording that was heard during his testimony at the state capture commission. The money was part of his apology and he also agreed to do some community service. In August, Adam Catzavelos reached a settlement agreement with the South African Human Rights Commission for using the K-word on video while on holiday in Greece. Adam apologised publicly and also agreed to pay R150 000 fine for his action.  