MOLEFI Ntseki's Bafana Bafana squad for the Nelson Mandela Challenge can still change considering the number of injuries in camp. Bafana team doctor Thulani Ngwenya gave an injury update on Monday, with Bongani Zungu and Dean Furman top of his concerns. Bafana started the day on Monday by visiting the Nelson Mandela Children's Hospital before heading to training as they gear up to honour the greatest statesman against Mali at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth on Sunday at 3pm. According to Ngwenya, Furman, who led his club SuperSport United to the MTN8 victory against Highlands Park at Orlando Stadium on Saturday, has had a knee injury for a week now, or so. "He played but he might have pushed himself, so he is a concern at the moment," explains the doctor. He said Zungu has a deep laceration on his left leg and they will need to open it "and make a call whether we keeping him or not". Also in the Bafana casualty ward is Kaizer Chiefs defender, Eric "Tower" Mathoho, with an ankle injury, but Ngwenya said they will have to manage it. Themba Zwane, Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder, also has a niggling ankle injury. On Percy Tau being a doubtful for this match, Ngwenya said they have not had anything formal from his club, Club Brugge, after having hobbled in their weekend match. "His team did not say anything, but Percy is still coming to camp and we will assess him and make the final call," said Ngwenya. He emphasised that there has not been a definite call yet on Furman, "so I should be able to this afternoon (Monday), and on Bongani on how deep the injury is". He added: "Those are the players we assessed at the moment. I am expecting to see Ronwen (Williams) to make final assessment because he also has a shoulder problem." . @bafana_bafana training session underway at the @FnbStadium ahead of the clash with Mali on Sunday at 3pm in Port Elizabeth in the 2019 Nelson Mandela Challenge pic.twitter.com/PDbjuQhJEt  Watching @BafanaBafana training from the sidelines as they are nursing an assortment of injuries - Bongani Zungu, Ronwen William's, Kermit Erasmus, Bradley Grobler @SAFA_net @Banyana_Banyana #NelsonMandelaChallenge pic.twitter.com/blOL43FmuJ — Bafana Bafana (@BafanaBafana) October 7, 2019 #Portugal #Futbol Bafana Bafana: Mali the perfect opponent for Ntseki to implement his methods - Igesund https://t.co/bz4CNyi5tU     