KAIZER Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp will throw youngster Njabulo Blom in the deep end against fierce rivals Orlando Pirates in the Telkom Knockout quarter-final Soweto derby at Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday (3pm). Middendorp told the media during the Ziwa Mo briefing in Naturena on Wednesday that he is busy trying to find solutions to plug the gaps left by right-back Reeve Frosler and midfielder Kearyn Baccus who will miss the derby due to injury. Said Middendorp: “We started on Monday with a lot of planning, solutions for the players to go through. Let’s go into this game not thinking about yellow cards and injuries. We will go into the game with best players available into the field. We have a lot of question marks in terms of preparing, it looks like Bernard Parker could be back for selection, Reeve Frosler will probably not be available, Kearyn Baccus is definitely not available, we said immediately after the injury he conceded that it will take three weeks (to recover), we are in the second week with him .” He added: “Otherwise, it’s good that we have experienced substitutions coming in with Njabulo Blom replacing the other player (Frosler) who used to play the right full-back. So far we need to prepare the players to take over the position and hopefully they will show the same performance we have seen lately.” The German born mentor stressed that he doesn’t have enough time to spend with his players on the training pitch instead he is trying to find ways to exploit Bucs weaknesses on the monitor.“ Off course going into the next round is a target very clear. There is not a lot of time for training, it’s more maintenance and a lot of stuff is going more into tactical analysis preparing and reflecting the last game.” Middendorp revealed that his charges will need to make less mistakes to ensure they achieve their target. “A soccer game is a game of mistakes, if you make less mistakes than the other one you have a high chance to be successful. This mistake is not only related to defence, it’s also related to attack. If you have opportunities and you are not able to score means you have made a mistake." 