THEY STOLE anything of value from their own families. Now they live a life of hell as nyaope boys in an abandoned house.  AND EVERY DAY THEY DREAM OF LIVING A NORMAL LIFE! Daily Sun found the young men, between the ages of 17 and 29, in a run-down house in Etwatwa, Ekurhuleni. They come from all over the township but have one thing in common: they’re nyaope addicts.    “I used to steal anything and everything,” said Nkosinathi Mabunda (23). “In the end my family was very upset with me. I left them. There was nothing left to steal.” He said he wanted to stop taking drugs. “I need help. I want to have a life.” he said. Another addict from Daveyton had to run away from home as people wanted to kill him for stealing. He said he was innocent. “But because I smoke nyaope they thought it was me,” he said. The young junkies said their only way out is rehab. “It’s hard living on the streets when your family has given up on you,” said Karabo Marakalala (20). “I’m tired of drugs. I need help. I’m willing to go to rehab.” Karabo can’t go to rehab because his parents have to sign off his admission papers. The young men do anything for money and sell fruit juice, wash taxis and work as queue marshals. But the house is a nightmare of sorts for locals, who want it demolished. “They steal everything they can lay their hands on,” said resident Lucas Nkuna. “When I leave the house my wife has to be here. We’re not free in our own neighbourhood.” Another resident, Nokulunga Ndwadwe, said there’s a kids’ playground nearby but the metal will most likely go missing. “Even kids who play there aren’t safe from these guys. We want that house to be demolished,” said Nokulunga. The house is next to the park in the Albertina section of Emaphupheni, Etwatwa. “We don’t know whose property this is,” said resident Refilwe Molato. Another resident said the building was once a creche but it stopped operating. Daily Sun found the young men in the house crammed up and smoking. Some jumped up to run away, thinking it was the police. Sfiso Mahlangu (29) said they don’t hurt anybody. “We don’t rape. We don’t kill,” he said. He said after his parents kicked him out of his home in Wattville, Benoni, he heard about this place and went to stay there. Gauteng social development spokesman Thabiso Hlongwane said the department was willing to put addicts in rehab. A social worker was normally assigned to them. “We liaise with Home Affairs. Where they don’t have parents, we try to trace their relatives,” said Hlongwane. “It’s not true that social development wants signatures of parents before they take them in.”