TRIGGER-HAPPY Chippa United chairperson Siviwe Mpengesi is not good for Mzansi football. If he continues to run the club the way he has been doing, he’ll soon run into the bin. This is the strong view of former club coach Clinton Larsen, who was last month fired by the “impulsive” Mpengesi. It was two days after Chippa lost 2-1 to Orlando Pirates and, for the first time, he has opened up about his dismissal to SunSport. Larsen reckons Mpengesi is“short-sighted” and “impulsive”. “As coaches, we’re always looking to plan for three, four or five years. But not everyone has foresight to do that. “So, he (Mpengesi) is impulsive. I think he’s got a history of impatience and impulsive behaviour,” said Larsen. “I don’t know if it’s in his blood or maybe people around him give him wrong advice. “For years, the club has been flirting with relegation. History will tell you, don’t tempt fate. “It happened with Santos. If you keep doing things the same way and you don’t change for the better, eventually you’ll run out of luck.” Larsen was summarily replaced by Duran Francis on a caretaker basis. But he too was fired after he failed to win any of his two matches. Chippa have since appointed Zimbabwe coach Norman Mapeza on a three-year deal. But Larsen has also revealed Mpengesi never interfered in his team’s selection, explaining that if he did, all hell would break loose. “I had a great working relationship with Chippa boss. “Yes, we know he gets emotional and sometimes a little bit short-sighted,” Larsen told SunSport. He added: “Nine out 10 teams that constantly change coaches get relegated. History will prove that fact. Sadly, we don’t learn from such things. “I was shocked when I went to Chippa to find that all the coaches before me none of them had put any structure in place, mainly because of the chairperson’s reputation. “If it’s a matter of time before a coach is fired, why must he go beyond the call of duty and work with the development coaches, go out there and scout for players? “Why would you go over and beyond when you think it’s just a matter of time before getting fired.” Larsen became thesecond-longest coach in the club’s history, having spent nine months. Interestingly, Larsen said he would go back to Chippa if they came calling, reasoning “that is the norm all over the world for coaches go back to their former clubs”. “It happened before at Celtic. Roger de Sa left Bidvest Wits and returned. “I think Cavin Johnson did the same at Platinum Stars.”