JOMO Cosmos owner and coach Jomos “The Black Prince” Sono insists that his team will not suffer the dreaded drop this season, despite their poor form so far. Ezenkosi, who are one of the most historic clubs playing in the GladAfrica Championship, find themselves in a precarious position. They are flirting with danger in 14th spot on the Championship standings with just seven points after eight matches. They have struggled to find the back of the net this season – scoring just five times – the joint lowest so far. Although he is concerned about his side’s lack of consistency up to this point, Sono is confident that they can turn their fortunes around. “There are a lot of games still to be played and a lot could happen,” said Sono. “It’s still early to start panicking about relegation, we are not even thinking about that at this point. “We are focused on regaining form and challenging for a play-off spot at the very least. “We will challenge this season, we have no intentions to fight relegation.” Ezenkosi have made a reputation of bouncing between the top flight and the second tier for a number of seasons in the past. But after their last drop from the land of milk and honey back in the 2015-16 season, they have struggled to return. They narrowly avoided becoming yet another former PSL side to drop even further down to the ABC Motsepe League last season. They finished in a disappointing 13th spot. Sono and his charges are eager to avoid going down the same route this campaign. They will travel to KwaMashu to face high flying Uthongathi at the Princess Magogo Stadium on Saturday (4 pm) hoping to turn the corner. Sono, though, knows it will be a tough encounter against a team he has tipped to win the Championship this season. He heaped a lot of praises on his opposite number, Johnny Ferreira, for making Uthongathi a formidable outfit. “They are the overwhelming favourites to take it,” revealed Sono. “It’s theirs to lose. If you look at their squad, it is packed full of experience. “And they have shown their intentions so far, they have been a cut above the rest. “Johnny has done a sterling job, he is a very good coach and an even better human being. “They will definitely pose a tough challenge for us but we can’t head into the match with any fear.”