LACK of experience, ageing athletes, inconsistency and poor form. These are some of the factors behind Team SA’s shocking performance at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar. To put it bluntly, Athletics SA (ASA) sent a weak team. South Africans back home have been subjected to mediocrity byso-called big-name athletes who failed to live up to expectations. The absence of poster boy and girl Wayde “Dreamer” Van Niekerk and Caster “Cobra” Semenya, laid bare Mzansi’s weakness at the world champs. The team is nothing without the renowned medal magnets. Two years ago, Mzansi achieved a haul of six medals and third place on the medal count in London. But they returned home from the Middle East empty-handed this year. And the extremely hot weather conditions did not make things easy. But as experts would say, conditions are the same for everyone taking part in an event. African sprint ace Akani Simbine promised a lot, but he delivered little. Simbine clocked 9,93 seconds, a season best in the men’s 100m final to secure fourth place. He is still chasing his first major international medal and time is running out for him. Our esteemed long jumpers, Luvo Manyonga and Rushwal Samaai, did not come to the party in the sandpit, either. Manyonga jumped 8.28m to secure fourth place, while his long-term challenger Samaai finished one place below him with 8.23m. The less said about ageing javelin queen, Sunette Viljoen, the better. The fact that she was at the competition by virtue of receiving an IAAF invitation says it all. She failed to make it to the final, bowing out of the qualification rounds with a throw of 60.10m. SA’s 200m record holder Clarence Munyai is not a championship material and it hasn’t come as a surprise that he failed to make the final. Former championship medallist Anaso Jobodwana is a shadow of his former self. The likes of Thapelo Phora (400m), Tshepo Tshite (800m) Thando Dlolo (100m), lacked experience at the highest level. The event has truly been a bummer for the South Africans and significant improvement is required ahead of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.