HIT producer TNS has developed a reputation for releasing some of the hottest songs in Mzansi. And now, it seems the talented artist has diversified his skill set. This as he’s produced a hit in the bedroom. Tweeted the star (real name Nkazimulo Ngema) on 27 September: Thank You for blessing me with a Son . . . Thank You For Bringing His Mother Into my life. I’m very Greatful Lord. But there’s controversy around TNS’s “bundle of joy”. This as the Umona hitmaker is expecting a child with kwaito star Tzozo’sex-girlfriend. Informants claimed TNS hit Tzozo (real name Thokozani Zulu) with a “corobrik” and snatched Nothando Mbatha away from him. Said an informant: “And he wasted no time in making her pregnant.” When called for comment, TNS said: “Who’s this? Who am I talking to?” before hanging up the phone when asked about Nothando. Asked about the claims, Tzozo said he felt disrespected by TNS. Explained Tzozo: “After he took my Thando, I just let them be. “I mean, I can’t be caught up in drama with a young man.” He said TNS must do the right thing as a man and pay the damages. Said Tzozo: “He doesn’t deny he’s the father, so he needs to do the right thing.” The veteran musician felt TNS was full of drama. “I’m speechless, as he decided to be the man with my girl,” Tzozo said. “On top of that, he impregnated her knowing we were dating.” The musician said he’d been dating Nothando since last year. “TNS was just disrespecting me period and I won’t even fight him as I’m his brother,” Tzozo said. “He must learn to know his boundaries as an individual because this will make him look like a fool in front of people and his peers.” The Durban-based musician said TNS needed to stop burning bridges in the music industry. “The guy must respect his craft, as this will tarnish his image,” said Tzozo. Asked for comment, Nothando’s mum Malindi said: “He needs to respect everyone and not let fame go to his head.” She accused TNS of sending her insulting messages two weeks ago. “Now my daughter is hurting and this hurt me too,” Malindi said. “She’s pregnant with his child and he hasn’t even paid the damages yet. “Anyway, Thando and I are no longer on good terms. This isn’t good.”