 The South
African National Editors' Forum (Sanef) on Tuesday called for names to be
revealed by witnesses testifying before the commission of inquiry into state
capture to allow implicated individuals the space to respond. Police
whistleblower Dhanajaya Naidoo on Monday testified that several journalists,
including Sunday Times associate editor Ranjeni Munusamy, were paid by Crime
Intelligence to "plant stories in the media". He claimed to have
knowledge of three instances where reporters were "paid or used". Senior
Hawks investigator Colonel Kobus Roloefse also previously testified that the
Hawks were able to uncover an amount of R143 621 78 - paid from the Atlantis
Motors business account to a Wesbank vehicle finance account in the settlement
agreement of the vehicle in the name of Munusamy - during an investigation into
the alleged looting of the secret service account within Crime Intelligence. This week
on POLOTIKI we discuss the bombshell dropped at the State Capture commission
which saw Tiso Blackstar senior journalist and associate editor Ranjeni
Munusamy implicated in allegations regarding a secret slush fund of Crime
Intelligence. Munusamy
has denied all the allegations against her Sanef, in a
responding statement, said the Press Council Code was clear that "paid
for" or "brown envelope" journalism was completely unacceptable. "Sanef
champions ethical journalism. If anyone has any evidence of unethical
journalism - including the very serious breach of accepting funds for
journalism - we encourage them to go to the Press Council." 'Independent
inquiry' It said
that Section 2 of the Code dealt with "Independence and Conflicts of
Interest" and states that the media shall: - Not allow
commercial, political, personal or other non-professional considerations to
influence reporting, and avoid conflicts of interest as well as practices that
could lead readers to doubt the media's independence and professionalism; - Not
accept any benefit which may influence coverage; - Indicate
clearly when an outside organisation has contributed to the cost of
newsgathering; and - Keep
editorial material clearly distinct from advertising and sponsored events. "Further,
we have launched our own independent Inquiry into Media Credibility and Ethics,
chaired by retired Judge Kathleen Satchwell. We encourage any South African
with evidence of journalists acting unethically or illegally to approach Judge
Satchwell and the authorities, including the Zondo Commission," the
statement reads.witnesses at Zondo commission Submissions
should be sent to panel@mediainquiry.co.za. "In
terms of Munusamy, we again welcome the decision by Tiso Blackstar to grant her
special leave. We note Munusamy's strong denial of any wrong-doing, her
detailed affidavit explaining the circumstances of her car repayments and
related issues and her promise to cooperate fully with the Zondo Commission. We
await the outcome of the Commission's hearings and Tiso Blackstar's internal
investigation." News24 on
Monday reported that Munusamy explained in an affidavit that her vehicle was
settled by a close family friend, Basheer Ahmed Abdool, and that at the time of
the payments referred to by Roelofse she had not been working as a journalist. - Compiled
by Tammy Petersen SOURCE:
NEWS24