BENEFIT, beneficiary and beneficiaries! These are the latest inclusions in the South African Football Thesaurus, and none other than Professor Pitso Mosimane who patented, registered and copyrighted it. The word is an English noun that can be used as synonym to words like: recipient, heir, legatee and donee. And one would ask, why is this noun growing more popular in football circles? Terrible and inconsistent refereeing is the answer! Some of us have tried to shy away from the subject thinking Mosimane was being difficult and applied the mind games every time before Mamelodi Sundowns’ big match... But events that unfolded at Makhulong Stadium in Tembisa on Tuesday night left me with my jaws dropped down to the floor. And while I struggled to lift up my jaws from the cold floor yesterday morning, and watched a repeat of Tuesday’s match where Orlando Pirates beat Highlands Park 1-0, my jaws did the unthinkable and slipped again and fell down the stairways this time around. Referee Abongile Tom has disappointed Safa and the PSL with his latest instalment of poor officiating, and that was terrible – the Mabasa Blunder. This could make for an interesting sitcom on Aubrey Tau’s Moja Love (DStv 157), with the headline: “The Mabasa Benefit!”, written by Abongile Tom, produced by assistant referee Buyile Ngqambiyana, given the thumbs up by first assistant Luvuyo Pupuma, and published by 4th official Kenny Mamegwa. A very sad tale indeed where Tshegofatso Mabasa’s offside goal was allowed to stand, despite pleas by Highlands Park players raising hands that he was way offside. But did he listen, NEVER! Minutes before the dubious goal, Tom was again back at his long-tom drink when he didn’t realise that Mabasa lurched on to Lindokuhle Mbatha with both his legs up, studs up, and mowed him down. Instead of a red card, our pocket-sized referee flashed a yellow card, that is to the dismay of the hordes of fans at Makhulong Stadium, as well as us who watched on TV. This is the same ref who didn’t have the guts to give Mpho Makola, who plays Cape Town City, a red card after being pushed in the field when they played against Chiefs. I don’t know, but I believe that it is just a coincidence that most of the wrong decisions are happening when Kaizer Chiefs and Pirates are on the field. But Mosimane is hell-bent on the idea that Chiefs are beneficiaries of referees’ mistakes. But now that Safa Review Committee has come out in the open and declared that Samir Nurkovic’s goal against Sundowns at Loftus Versfeld Stadium on Sunday is legit, we today expect them to release a statement on the Pirates and Highlands one. Mathews Mpete on Twitter via @MathewsMpete