 The
Passenger Rail Agency of South Africa has announced two new executive
appointments, following several suspensions announced in recent months. The group
has appointed Thandeka Ndilikazi Mabija as its Group Executive of Human Capital
Management and Keabetswe Mpane has been named the new Group Chief Procurement
Officer. The appointments come into effect as of Tuesday, October 1. In
contrast, several senior officials or executives have had allegations levelled
against them. Prasa has placed a number of senior officials and executives
either on suspension or special leave to allow for investigations into matters
to run their course. In March,
Prasa placed company secretary Lindikaya Zide, chief information officer Chris
Mbatha, and CEO of Prasa corporate real estate solutions Tara Ngubane on
special leave. Prasa also suspended Tumi Mohube, general manager of enterprise
risk. These officials were implicated in allegations of improper, irregular,
corrupt, fruitless and wasteful expenditure. Then,
following a disciplinary hearing in April, the rail agency dismissed its
general manager responsible for risk management Matome Mohube. Charges that had
been made against him involve the falsification of board resolutions at a
meeting in February 2011. In May the
group placed on special leave its head of legal, risk and compliance Martha
Ngoye; and Tiro Holele, an executive in the office of the group CEO. The
decision came following the outcomes of investigations at the entity related to
improper, irregular, corrupt, fruitless and wasteful expenditure by various
employees, Prasa said at the time. Also in
May, the group's Chief Strategy Officer, Dr Sipho Sithole, was placed on
suspension. In July he was found guilty on five charges. In July
Prasa ultimately pulled the plug on company secretary Zide, following multiple
investigations that found him guilty of charges. Transport
Minister Fikile Mbalula has said "corruption and criminality" at
Prasa will not go unpunished, particularly in the area of procurement, Fin24
previously reported. 'Our rail
system has gone to the dogs' - DA protests at Prasa offices The
Democratic Alliance held a picket outside the offices of the Passenger Rail
Agency of South Africa (PRASA) in Hatfield, Pretoria on Wednesday. Prasa's
board has been reviewing contracts and has been mandated to litigate to recover
public funds lost through corrupt activities, Mbalula said at a briefing in
July. Part of the
clean-up involved the appointment of a new procurement chief, Mpane, who is a
certified supply chain specialist, Prasa said in a statement on Tuesday. Mpane
has over 19 years of experience at various large organisations including state
rail company Transnet and vehicle maker BMW SA. Mpane has also dealt with
turnaround strategies and served as the President of the professional body of
Supply Chain Management. Prasa
described the new head of human resources Mabija as a "seasoned human
capital management professional" with more than 15 years of experience.
She has worked at various companies including Transnet, and platinum mines
Anglo and Lonmin. "The
two executives are the best appointments for the agency as they possess
critical skills that complement the board's overall strategic interventions to
turn Prasa around. "The
board is on track in appointing and filling the critical vacancies that will
stabilise the business and promote sound governance and business discipline in
line with Minister Fikile Mbalula's directive," said board chairperson
Khanyisile Kweyama. In
September Prasa appointed a new chief financial officer Japhtalina Lesibana
Fosu. She is the first CFO to be appointed at the state entity since 2014. "The
board is expecting the executives to hit the ground running working in tandem
with the existing executive team. "There
is indeed a lot of expectation from our customers to deliver quality service,
this begins with a solid team that answers to specific targets aimed at
delivering quality service," Kweyama said. SOURCE:
NEWS24