HIGHLANDS Park’s new recruit Reneilwe “Yeye” Letsholonyane insists that he is as hungry as ever as he sets his sights on lifting the 10th major trophy of his glittering career. The 37-year-old, who joined Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba last week on a one-year deal, is determined to help the Tembisa-outfit win their first ever trophy in the PSL era. They will face his former employers SuperSport United in the final of the MTN8 at Orlando Stadium on Saturday (6pm). Letsholonyane is eying his fourth Wafa Wafa title, having won the tournament twice with Kaizer Chiefs in 2008 and 2014 before clinching it again with United in 2017. Although they will be up against a more experienced Matsatsantsa A Pitori outfit playing in their third straight final, Letsholonyane has faith in Highlands’ young group of players and believes they have what it takes to pull off an upset. “The whole team is looking forward to the game. These boys have worked so hard to be where they are right now. “It’s not about me, it’s about the entire group,” said Letsholonyane. “I’m happy for the boys and as part of the team, I’m hoping that we will walk out victorious. But the players who have been involved since the beginning deserve all the plaudits. “It would be a good feeling for me as well to win this tournament. I don’t think about my history with our opponents, I’m just focused on helping my current team win silverware.” At 37, Letsholonyane believes he still has a lot to offer and has not even considered hanging up his boots anytime soon. “When I retire, when I finally decide to call it quits, you will know that the passion for the game is no more,” said the soft spoken Letsolonyane sporting his customary smile. “Of course, I want to be involved in football in some other capacity, but the passion for playing won’t be the way it is now. But for as long as I am still playing football, I want to win. I think I was born a winner. I want to win games. I want to win trophies. I’ll always want to win, as long as I play this game.” He will be hoping that his winning mentality rubs off on his teammates. Meanwhile, Owen Da Gama’s charges will continue to pin their hopes on red-hot striker Peter Shalulile in the final. Although he is yet to score in the MTN8, the 26-year-old Namibian will be high in confidence having scored six goals in as many matches in the league. “I have just told myself that I will do good this season, stay in the box and put the opportunities away when they come my way,” said Shalulile.