One of the
Western Cape's top cops on Monday denied that he was the voice in a recording
allegedly soliciting a bribe from Cape Town underworld figure Nafiz Modack. Major General
Jeremy Vearey, in a statement, said he had lodged a complaint with the Press
Ombudsman following the publication of an article in the Sunday Times. Its online
platform, TimesLive, had published a recording it claimed was a conversation
between Vearey and a Mohamedaly Hanware regarding the return of confiscated
guns that belong to Modack - referred to as "roses" and "olive
trees" - for R40 000, called four packets of "biltong", the
report alleged. Modack
lodged a complaint with the police in April, alleging that Vearey and "his
gang" were extorting money from him. Vearey, a
former Umkhonto we Sizwe operative, on Monday denied that it was him on the
recording. "The
caller refers to a 'G' and not 'V', but in their transcription they make it 'V'
to identify me as 'Maj-Gen Jeremy Vearey'," he charged. 'Gutter
aspersions' Vearey said
he had received an email from the reporter, including the allegation that he
was part of the ANC Western Cape provincial conference’s election campaign
ahead of the May elections and, "when they fell out of favour resulting in
their disbandment, so did you". "I
deny the above and regard it as gutter aspersions. However, innuendo in the
Sunday Times article in reference to me, [Anti-Gang Unit head Andre Lincoln]
and Lieutenant General Peter Jacobs as part of 'a clique of coloured
stalwarts', who were 'controversial figures for several years', is indicative
of a much more divisive racist agenda peddled by the Sunday Times in their
article." According
to the article, Modack lodged a complaint with the police in April. He and his
bodyguards had driven to the scene where the bodyguard of alleged gang boss
Colin Booysen was murdered in Belhar in September last year. There,
Modack and his men were reportedly arrested and briefly held at Ravensmead
police station. Upon their release, their confiscated guns had not been
returned. This is
ostensibly what led to the recorded conversation, according to the report National
Prosecuting Authority spokesperson Eric Ntabazalila confirmed to News24 that
the docket had been sent to SAPS' Anti-Corruption Unit by the director for
public prosecutions in the Western Cape for further investigation. Vearey, a
favourite to take over as Western Cape police commissioner after the transfer
of Khombinkosi Jula to KwaZulu-Natal, had lodged an official complaint with
police commissioner Kehla Sitole after he failed to make the shortlist for the
province's top job. According
to his letter, this was supposedly because he had allegedly not included proof
of his qualifications. But the
Sunday Times quoted a source close to the selection process as saying that
Vearey had not made the shortlist as he did not meet the minimum requirements. Police did
not respond to requests for comment. SOURCE:
NEWS24