Teaching and learning was disrupted at Mgijimi
Primary school in uMlazi, south of Durban, on Friday. This after parents went to the school to demand that a
certain teacher who allegedly drink alcohol in front of their kids be fired. The parents claim that the teacher goes to school when he
feels like it. They further allege that whenever he goes to the school
he’d be “drunk and carrying alcohol”. They said he started doing all these things three years
ago and that they had several meetings with the school and no action had been
taken again the teacher. Parent Thembi Zondi (32) said her kids are doing grade R
and three but they had told him that the teacher comes to school carrying a Smirnoff
vodka and bottles of Heineken. “He doesn’t even hide it. 
Children should not be exposed to such behaviour. He also causes chaos
whenever he goes to school.  He goes to
school only three or four days a month, “claims Thembi. Another parent who didn't want to be named said they are
tired of the teacher and that they want the department to remove him from the
school or else they will take their children to other schools. “Our children are behind with the subject he teaches just
because he comes to school when it pleases him. 
We have engaged with the school and they keep telling us that the will
wait for the right officials to intervene in the matter.  What kind of a lesson is he sending is he our
kids?  We even fear for our children
safety as he can do anything when he's drunk,” said the parent. The Department of Education spokesman Kwazi Mthethwa told
Daily Sun that they were not aware of the matter since no complaint has been
brought forward by the District office to them. "We do not want any drunk teachers in our schools
that should be clear.  But in this case
no complaint has ever been sent to the Department.  We are going to wait for the district office
to give us the report before we can do anything.  We cannot investigate a one-sided story.  We also condemn the interruption of teaching
and learning by parents.  We call on them
to report the matter to the district office so that it could come to us in a
proper channel, “said Mthethwa.