MAMELODI Sundowns have cautioned all hooligans to behave themselves on Sunday, when they host Kaizer Chiefs at Loftus Versfeld Stadium in the pick of the weekend Absa Premiership match. Kick-off for the match is at 3.30pm, and the club has further advised supporters from both clubs to buy their tickets early, as they anticipate the sold-out signs to go up by business end on Friday. Security has been tightened in the vicinity closer to the stadium in the South African capital, Pretoria, with about 600 SAPS expected to form part of the law agencies, as well as three private security companies and the Tshwane Metro Police. "We have deployed as many police officers as possible to ensure the game is an incident free occasion," said club spokesman Alex Shakoane on Thursday. "Every one is in high alert and proactive. We have been on a security enforcement walk about for the past three weeks, trying to plug the gaps. The parking issue has always been a problem in such matches, and people must know that there will be no cars allowed to park 500m closer the stadium, unless they have valid parking permits. "We are going to run this like the rugby officials do, like Fifa does during the World Cup, FNB Stadium are doing it with the derby. I have been in Russia and Germany before, and many other European countries, cars don't park closer to the stadium, but our people at home want to park just over the pavement and few steps they're in the stadium. "That won't work this time around." He said the stadium is regularly inspected by officers and they are finding a way of dealing with bag searches before entering the stadium. "The security will be in different uniforms - in and outside of the stadium," Shakoane said. It is expected that Sundowns, who just defeated Highlands Park 1-0 in the league on Wednesday night, will come to Loftus guns blazing after being embarrassed 4-2 by Chiefs in the Shell Helix Ultra Cup at the FNB Stadium. Despite Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane pretending to be cool, deep down he must be hurting and would surely be looking at ways to bringing back their tainted image.